http://www.nasdaq.com/article/will-display-strength-aid-applieds-amat-q4-earnings-cm876132

  Applied Materials, Inc.  AMAT  is set to report fiscal fourth-quarter 2017 results on Nov 16.  Last quarter, it delivered a positive earnings surprise of 3.61%. The company's surprise history has been pretty impressive. It beat estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, with an average positive earnings surprise of 2.66%. Notably, on a year-to-date basis, Applied Materials' shares have returned 74.7%, outperforming the industry  's gain of 67.5%.    Let's see how things are shaping up for this announcement.  Strong Demand for Applied's Services  The company has well-differentiated products and high market share, and is efficiently delivering key enabling technology to logic and foundry customers. Service is an important part of Applied's portfolio, which grew significantly in the last quarter. The Applied Global Services (AGS) segment increased 8.6% sequentially and 19.6% year over year. The figure is further expected to increase in the upcoming quarter, driven by improved device and yield performance. The Zacks Consensus estimate for the upcoming quarter for AGS is pegged at $812 million.  Strength in Display to Drive Revenues  The company has gained considerable success in expanding beyond semiconductors, particularly in display. New display technologies such as OLED are opening new market opportunities for Applied Materials. The available market opportunity is now more than 10 times that of the traditional LCD. In the last quarter, the Display segment was up 4.9% sequentially and 31.0% from the year-ago level. The segment is further expected to perform well driven by significant opportunities coming from investments in areas such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud infrastructure, Internet of Things (IoT), virtual reality and smart vehicles. The Zacks Consensus estimate for the upcoming quarter for Display segment is pegged at $676 million. However, increasing competition, high fixed-cost structure and customer concentration remain major concerns, which could affect the results in the upcoming quarter.  What Our Model Suggests  According to the Zacks model, a company with a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) has a good chance of beating estimates if it also has a positive Earnings ESP  . Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) or 5 (Strong Sell) stocks are best avoided, especially if these have a negative Earnings ESP. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter  . Applied Materials has a Zacks Rank #2 but an Earnings ESP of 0.00%, a combination that does not suggest that the company is likely to beat.  Applied Materials, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise         Applied Materials, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote    Other Stocks to Consider  We see a likely earnings beat for each of the following companies. NVIDIA Corp. NVDA  , with an Earnings ESP of +4.59% and a Zacks Rank #1.  You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   stocks here   . Adobe Systems Incorporated ADBE  with an Earnings ESP of +0.10% and a Zacks Rank #1. Texas Instruments Incorporated TXN  with an Earnings ESP of +0.42% and a Zacks Rank #2.  Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric   Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think.   See This Ticker Free >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE): Free Stock Analysis Report   Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN): Free Stock Analysis Report   NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis Report   Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research   Applied Materials, Inc.  AMAT  is set to report fiscal fourth-quarter 2017 results on Nov 16.  Last quarter, it delivered a positive earnings surprise of 3.61%. The company's surprise history has been pretty impressive. It beat estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, with an average positive earnings surprise of 2.66%. Notably, on a year-to-date basis, Applied Materials' shares have returned 74.7%, outperforming the industry  's gain of 67.5%.    Let's see how things are shaping up for this announcement.  Strong Demand for Applied's Services  The company has well-differentiated products and high market share, and is efficiently delivering key enabling technology to logic and foundry customers. Service is an important part of Applied's portfolio, which grew significantly in the last quarter. The Applied Global Services (AGS) segment increased 8.6% sequentially and 19.6% year over year. The figure is further expected to increase in the upcoming quarter, driven by improved device and yield performance. The Zacks Consensus estimate for the upcoming quarter for AGS is pegged at $812 million.  Strength in Display to Drive Revenues  The company has gained considerable success in expanding beyond semiconductors, particularly in display. New display technologies such as OLED are opening new market opportunities for Applied Materials. The available market opportunity is now more than 10 times that of the traditional LCD. In the last quarter, the Display segment was up 4.9% sequentially and 31.0% from the year-ago level. The segment is further expected to perform well driven by significant opportunities coming from investments in areas such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud infrastructure, Internet of Things (IoT), virtual reality and smart vehicles. The Zacks Consensus estimate for the upcoming quarter for Display segment is pegged at $676 million. However, increasing competition, high fixed-cost structure and customer concentration remain major concerns, which could affect the results in the upcoming quarter.  What Our Model Suggests  According to the Zacks model, a company with a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) has a good chance of beating estimates if it also has a positive Earnings ESP  . Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) or 5 (Strong Sell) stocks are best avoided, especially if these have a negative Earnings ESP. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter  . Applied Materials has a Zacks Rank #2 but an Earnings ESP of 0.00%, a combination that does not suggest that the company is likely to beat.  Applied Materials, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise         Applied Materials, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote    Applied Materials, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote   Other Stocks to Consider  We see a likely earnings beat for each of the following companies. NVIDIA Corp. NVDA  , with an Earnings ESP of +4.59% and a Zacks Rank #1.  You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   stocks here   . Adobe Systems Incorporated ADBE  with an Earnings ESP of +0.10% and a Zacks Rank #1. Texas Instruments Incorporated TXN  with an Earnings ESP of +0.42% and a Zacks Rank #2.  Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric   Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think.   See This Ticker Free >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/will-display-strength-aid-applieds-amat-q4-earnings-cm876132

  Applied Materials, Inc.  AMAT  is set to report fiscal fourth-quarter 2017 results on Nov 16.  Last quarter, it delivered a positive earnings surprise of 3.61%. The company's surprise history has been pretty impressive. It beat estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, with an average positive earnings surprise of 2.66%. Notably, on a year-to-date basis, Applied Materials' shares have returned 74.7%, outperforming the industry  's gain of 67.5%.    Let's see how things are shaping up for this announcement.  Strong Demand for Applied's Services  The company has well-differentiated products and high market share, and is efficiently delivering key enabling technology to logic and foundry customers. Service is an important part of Applied's portfolio, which grew significantly in the last quarter. The Applied Global Services (AGS) segment increased 8.6% sequentially and 19.6% year over year. The figure is further expected to increase in the upcoming quarter, driven by improved device and yield performance. The Zacks Consensus estimate for the upcoming quarter for AGS is pegged at $812 million.  Strength in Display to Drive Revenues  The company has gained considerable success in expanding beyond semiconductors, particularly in display. New display technologies such as OLED are opening new market opportunities for Applied Materials. The available market opportunity is now more than 10 times that of the traditional LCD. In the last quarter, the Display segment was up 4.9% sequentially and 31.0% from the year-ago level. The segment is further expected to perform well driven by significant opportunities coming from investments in areas such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud infrastructure, Internet of Things (IoT), virtual reality and smart vehicles. The Zacks Consensus estimate for the upcoming quarter for Display segment is pegged at $676 million. However, increasing competition, high fixed-cost structure and customer concentration remain major concerns, which could affect the results in the upcoming quarter.  What Our Model Suggests  According to the Zacks model, a company with a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) has a good chance of beating estimates if it also has a positive Earnings ESP  . Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) or 5 (Strong Sell) stocks are best avoided, especially if these have a negative Earnings ESP. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter  . Applied Materials has a Zacks Rank #2 but an Earnings ESP of 0.00%, a combination that does not suggest that the company is likely to beat.  Applied Materials, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise         Applied Materials, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote    Other Stocks to Consider  We see a likely earnings beat for each of the following companies. NVIDIA Corp. NVDA  , with an Earnings ESP of +4.59% and a Zacks Rank #1.  You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   stocks here   . Adobe Systems Incorporated ADBE  with an Earnings ESP of +0.10% and a Zacks Rank #1. Texas Instruments Incorporated TXN  with an Earnings ESP of +0.42% and a Zacks Rank #2.  Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric   Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think.   See This Ticker Free >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE): Free Stock Analysis Report   Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN): Free Stock Analysis Report   NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis Report   Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research   Applied Materials, Inc.  AMAT  is set to report fiscal fourth-quarter 2017 results on Nov 16.  Last quarter, it delivered a positive earnings surprise of 3.61%. The company's surprise history has been pretty impressive. It beat estimates in each of the trailing four quarters, with an average positive earnings surprise of 2.66%. Notably, on a year-to-date basis, Applied Materials' shares have returned 74.7%, outperforming the industry  's gain of 67.5%.    Let's see how things are shaping up for this announcement.  Strong Demand for Applied's Services  The company has well-differentiated products and high market share, and is efficiently delivering key enabling technology to logic and foundry customers. Service is an important part of Applied's portfolio, which grew significantly in the last quarter. The Applied Global Services (AGS) segment increased 8.6% sequentially and 19.6% year over year. The figure is further expected to increase in the upcoming quarter, driven by improved device and yield performance. The Zacks Consensus estimate for the upcoming quarter for AGS is pegged at $812 million.  Strength in Display to Drive Revenues  The company has gained considerable success in expanding beyond semiconductors, particularly in display. New display technologies such as OLED are opening new market opportunities for Applied Materials. The available market opportunity is now more than 10 times that of the traditional LCD. In the last quarter, the Display segment was up 4.9% sequentially and 31.0% from the year-ago level. The segment is further expected to perform well driven by significant opportunities coming from investments in areas such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud infrastructure, Internet of Things (IoT), virtual reality and smart vehicles. The Zacks Consensus estimate for the upcoming quarter for Display segment is pegged at $676 million. However, increasing competition, high fixed-cost structure and customer concentration remain major concerns, which could affect the results in the upcoming quarter.  What Our Model Suggests  According to the Zacks model, a company with a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) has a good chance of beating estimates if it also has a positive Earnings ESP  . Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) or 5 (Strong Sell) stocks are best avoided, especially if these have a negative Earnings ESP. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter  . Applied Materials has a Zacks Rank #2 but an Earnings ESP of 0.00%, a combination that does not suggest that the company is likely to beat.  Applied Materials, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise         Applied Materials, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote    Applied Materials, Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote   Other Stocks to Consider  We see a likely earnings beat for each of the following companies. NVIDIA Corp. NVDA  , with an Earnings ESP of +4.59% and a Zacks Rank #1.  You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   stocks here   . Adobe Systems Incorporated ADBE  with an Earnings ESP of +0.10% and a Zacks Rank #1. Texas Instruments Incorporated TXN  with an Earnings ESP of +0.42% and a Zacks Rank #2.  Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric   Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think.   See This Ticker Free >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/13/applied-materials-inc-amat-what-are-the-technicals-saying-3/

Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) stock flux has recently been causing stir among the investment community. Many experts agree that the truth about a stock is best reflected in the way it moves on the chart. For this stock, the chart has a lot to say about future performance. How has the stock performed recently? Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) in the last month has increased +4.49%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and outperformed a peer group of similar companies by 156%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $56.36, AMAT sits below its 52-week high. Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) has been trading in a bullish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that AMAT may be headed in the future. Fortunately, there is way to use the speed and magnitude of these price changes to predict future performance, thanks to what are known as momentum indicators. As momentum slows, it might be a sign that a support or resistance level has been reached, and that a trend is about to reverse. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for AMAT is 62.77%, which suggests that the stock is not particularly expensive or cheap, and not predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 71.39%, tells a different story, and suggests that AMAT currently trades in overbought territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? Volume patterns can also be useful for predicting future performance. When trading activity is abnormally high, it’s often a sign that the market feels particularly strong in one way or another about the future direction of a stock. Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) average trading volume of 8,906,695 during the past month is 9.33% below its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been less active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? AMAT is currently undervalued by -5.56% relative to the average 1-year price target of $59.68 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 1.80, which implies that analysts are generally bullish in their outlook for AMAT over the next year. How risky is the stock?  When predicting the future performance for a stock, it’s also important to take into account risk. To do this, analysts often use a stock’s beta, which measures the stock’s volatility relative to the overall market. Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) has a beta of 1.84, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are more extreme than the market as a whole. AMAT therefore has a above average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, AMAT average daily volatility was 20.11%, which is 7.01 percentage points lower than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://standardoracle.com/2017/11/13/applied-materials-inc-amat-has-its-outstanding-shares-of-1-07-billion-4/

Key Statistics: Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) shares jumped and closed the day at $56.36, with the percent change of 1.59%. The company has its outstanding shares of 1.07 Billion. A total of 7.37 Million shares exchanged at hands and its Average Volume (3 months) is 10.09 Million. The company has a market cap of $60.36 Billion. The SMA20 for the stock is at 0.86 percent, SMA50 stands at 9.58 percent, while SMA200 is 28.44 Percent, according to Finviz reported data. Return on Assets (ROA) value of the stock is 18.2 Percent. The Return on Equity (ROE) and Return on Investment (ROI) values are 38.5 percent and 17.3 percent respectively. The stock currently shows its YTD (Year to Date) performance of 74.65 percent, whereas its Weekly performance stands at -0.34%. The Monthly and Yearly performances are 5.72 percent and 100 percent respectively. Piotroski F-Score: The Piotroski score is a discrete score between 0-9 that reflects nine criteria used to determine the strength of a company’s financial position. The Piotroski score is used to determine the best value stocks, nine being the best. For every criteria that is met the company is given one point, if it is not met, then no points are awarded. The points are then added up to determine the best value stocks. Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT)’s average Piotroski F-Score: 8 during the last 7 years. Altman Z-Score: The Altman Z-score is the output of a credit-strength test that gauges a publicly traded manufacturing company’s likelihood of bankruptcy. The Altman Z-score depends on five financial ratios that can be calculated from data found on a company’s annual 10K report. It uses profitability, leverage, liquidity, solvency and activity to forecast whether a company has a high degree of probability of being insolvent. Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT)’s mean Altman Z-Score: 6.63 during the last 7 years. Beneish M-Score: The Beneish model is a mathematical model that makes use of financial ratios and eight variables to identify whether a firm has manipulated its profit. The variables are constructed from the data in the company’s financial statements and, once calculated, create an M-Score to illustrate the degree to which the profit has been manipulated. Once calculated, the eight variables are combined together to achieve an M-Score for the company. An M-Score lower than -2.22 indicates that the company will not be a manipulator. An M-Score more than -2.22 suggests that the company is likely to be a manipulator. AMAT’s average Beneish M-Score: -2.55 during the last 7 years. Relative Strength Index (RSI): The Relative Strength Index (RSI), developed by J. Welles Wilder, is a momentum oscillator that calculates the speed and change of price movements. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Usually the RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when less than 30. Relative Strength Index (RSI) for Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) is at 60.97. Earnings Outlook: The company’s Average Earnings Estimate for the Current Fiscal quarter is $0.91, according to consensus of 17 analysts. They are also projecting the Low EPS estimate of $0.89 and the High EPS estimate of $0.94. Revenue Outlook: The company’s Average Revenue Estimate for the current quarter is $3.94 Billion, while Low and High Revenue Estimates are $3.92 Billion and $4.06 Billion respectively. These Revenue projections are a consensus of 15 Analysts. Profitability Analysis: Profitability analysis greatly helps in making investment decision. Net profit margin of Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) was recorded at 22.1 percent, operating profit margin was 25.6 percent, while gross profit margin stands at 44.3 percent. Beta factor was calculated at 1.84. Ratings Analysis: Analysts look for public financial statements, listen in on conference calls and talk to managers and customers of a company in order to reach an opinion and communicate the value of a stock. Ultimately, through all this investigation into the company’s performance the analyst decides if their stock is a “buy,” sell” or hold.” General Motors Company was covered by a number of analysts recently, 7 rated the stock as Buy, 13 rated Outperform, 1 rated Hold, 0 gave an Underperform and 0 rated sell. Volatility Analysis: Volatility is a key factor to observe. When we see the company’s Volatility, it currently has a monthly volatility of 1.97% and weekly volatility of 2.09%. 

https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/11/13/winfield-associates-inc-has-790000-position-in-applied-materials-inc-amat.html


					Posted by Lisa Durand on Nov 13th, 2017 // No Comments  Winfield Associates Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) by 14.7% in the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 15,158 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock after purchasing an additional 1,938 shares during the quarter. Winfield Associates Inc.’s holdings in Applied Materials were worth $790,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.  Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Mathes Company Inc. purchased a new stake in  Applied Materials in the third quarter valued at about $1,613,000.  Commonwealth Bank of Australia raised its stake in shares of  Applied Materials by 2.7% in the second quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia now owns 87,942 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock worth $3,632,000 after purchasing an additional 2,279 shares during the last quarter.  OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp purchased a new position in shares of  Applied Materials in the second quarter worth about $2,082,000.  Bridgewater Associates LP purchased a new position in shares of  Applied Materials in the second quarter worth about $8,834,000.  Finally, Aperio Group LLC raised its stake in shares of  Applied Materials by 6.3% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 539,785 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock worth $28,117,000 after purchasing an additional 31,917 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  79.35% of the company’s stock.  Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) traded up $0.67 on Monday, reaching $57.03. The company had a trading volume of 7,304,660 shares, compared to its average volume of 9,757,683. Applied Materials, Inc. has a 1 year low of $28.24 and a 1 year high of $57.34. The firm has a market cap of $60,107.20, a PE ratio of 18.91, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 0.90 and a beta of 1.85. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.61, a current ratio of 2.91 and a quick ratio of 2.25.  Applied Materials (NASDAQ:AMAT) last released its earnings results on Thursday, August 17th. The manufacturing equipment provider reported $0.86 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.84 by $0.02. Applied Materials had a return on equity of 40.74% and a net margin of 22.08%. The firm had revenue of $3.74 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.69 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.50 EPS. Applied Materials’s revenue for the quarter was up 32.7% on a year-over-year basis.  equities research analysts anticipate that  Applied Materials, Inc. will post 3.22 EPS for the current year.  The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, December 14th. Investors of record on Friday, November 24th will be paid a dividend of $0.10 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, November 22nd. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.70%. Applied Materials’s payout ratio is 14.18%.  Several research analysts have recently issued reports on AMAT shares. Vetr cut Applied Materials from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $48.70 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, August 7th. BidaskClub cut Applied Materials from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, August 2nd. Cowen and Company  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 price objective on shares of Applied Materials in a research note on Friday, July 28th. B. Riley  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $56.00 price objective on shares of Applied Materials in a research note on Sunday, July 16th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised their price objective on Applied Materials from $48.00 to $52.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, August 18th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty-two have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Applied Materials  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $56.64. In other news, VP Thomas F. Larkins sold 30,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.24, for a total transaction of $1,537,200.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Alexander Karsner sold 22,762 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, August 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.03, for a total value of $1,002,210.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  0.31% of the company’s stock.  Applied Materials Company Profile    Receive News & Ratings for Applied Materials Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Applied Materials Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://theriponadvance.com/investors-watch-list-applied-materials-inc-amat-2/121133999/

Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) share price jumped 1.59% to $56.36 in the last trading session. The Market Cap of the company is $60.36 Billion. The stock’s current distance from 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) is 0.86%, whereas SMA50 and SMA200 are 9.58% and 28.44% respectively. The Average Volume of the company is 10.09 Million, while the Volume of the company in the last trading session was 7.37 Billion. Insider Trading Insider trading is selling or purchasing of a security by someone who has access to material non-public information related to the security. Insider trading can legal or illegal at the same time, depending on when the insider makes the trade. It is illegal when the material information is still non-public—trading while having special information is deceitful to other traders who do not have access to such information. AMAT’s Sr. VP, GC & Corp. Secretary Larkins Thomas F Sell 30000 shares of the company at a price of $51.24 on 2017-10-05. Separately, Director Karsner Alexander Sell 22762 shares of the company at a price of $44.03 on 2017-08-23. Piotroski F-Score The Piotroski score is a discrete score ranging from 0-9 that shows nine criteria used to find out the strength of a company’s financial position. It is used to find out the best value stocks, 9 being the best. The company is given one point for every criteria that is met and no points if not met. Subsequently, the points are added up to determine the best value stocks. AMAT’s mean Piotroski F-Score: 8 in the past 7 years. Altman Z-Score The Altman Z-score is a statistical tool used to calculate the likelihood of a company’s bankruptcy. It depends on 5 financial ratios, which can be calculated from data found on a firm’s annual 10K report. A score above three means the company is not likely to go bankrupt, while score less than 1.8 suggests the firm is probably headed for bankruptcy. AMATs average Altman Z-Score: 6.63 in the past 7 years. Free Cash Flow Growth FCF is an indicator of a firm’s financial performance, measured as operating cash flow minus capital expenditures. It shows the cash a company is able to generate after spending the money need to maintain or grow its asset base. FCF is an important factor as it enables a company to pursue opportunities that boost shareholder value. Applied Materials, Inc.’s average Free Cash Flow per Share Growth Rate was 82.5 percent during the past 12 months. Book Value Growth It is the net asset value of a company, calculated as total assets minus intangible assets and liabilities. Book value refers to the total amount a firm would be worth if it liquidated its assets and paid back all its liabilities. Applied Materials, Inc.’s average Book Value per Share Growth Rate was 29.5 percent during the past 12 months. Profitability and Growth Analysis Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) shows its Return on Assets (ROA) value of 18.2 percent, while the Return on Equity (ROE) value is 38.5 percent and Return on Investment (ROI) value stands at 17.3 percent. The company’s Relative strength index is 60.97. Analyst Recommendations Analysis Among analysts who offered their Analysis on Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT)—7 analysts issued Buy for the stock, 13 analysts gave Outperform rating, 1 think it’s a Hold, 0 issued Underperform, while 0 analyst gave a Sell rating. (These Recommendations are reported by Reuters and are only for the Current Month) Quarterly Profit Outlook Analysis A number of analysts offered their Estimated Earnings analysis for Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) for the current quarter. 17 analysts on average projected earnings of $0.91 per share for the current quarter. The High end of the forecast is $0.94 per share, while the Low end is $0.89 per share. Quarterly Revenue Outlook Analysis Average Revenue Estimate for the current quarter is $3.94 Billion, according to consensus forecast of 15 analysts. The High end of the Estimate is $4.06 Billion, while the Low end of the Estimate is $3.92 Billion. The company had Year Ago Sales of $3.09 Billion. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

http://www.stocksgallery.com/2017/11/13/applied-materials-inc-amat-technical-trends/

 

https://www.allstocknews.com/2017/11/13/current-technical-chart-facts-plug-power-inc-plug-applied-materials-inc-amat/

Plug Power Inc. (NASDAQ:PLUG) trades at $2.55 having a market capitalization of $571.1 million. PLUG stock price climbed 88.89% over the past year, yielding a positive weighted alpha of 44.5 percent. Since an alpha above 1 hints at more gains, investors can predict some further rally scope.  Weighted Alpha is used to calculate how much a share has gone up or down over a certain period, normally a year. In general, more thrust is placed on most recent actions by assigning higher weights to it than those assigned to past movements. This assists to give a return figure that has a stronger focus on the most current period and is thus a better measure for short-term analysis. This technique is highly famous among technical analysts. If the stock is up it will have a positively weighted alpha. If the stock price is unchanged its weighted alpha will be smaller. A stock price loss will yield a negatively weighted alpha.  Support is likely to come between $2.51 a share to $2.46 a share level. However, if the PLUG shares go below $2.46 then it would indicate a much weaker market for the company. In that case, its shares would mark a 3.53% decline from the most recent price. The typical day in the last two weeks has seen about a 7.65% volatility. The average volume for Plug Power Inc. (NASDAQ:PLUG) has been 5.41 million shares per day over the past 30 days. PLUG has a 1-week performance of -11.15%. PLUG price is down nearly -25.88% from its 52-week high price of $3.21 a share but is up about 67.45% from its 52-week low price of $0.83 a share.  Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) has seen its price went down by -11.15% over the course of one week. It seems that Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) might see muted action given an ABR of 2.5 or Hold rating. Analysts, on average, seem bullish as they suggest AMAT is worth $3.32 more, giving a target price of $59.68 a share. PLUG share have rallied by 112.5% in percentage terms since the start of the year – and retreated -11.15% in the last month. Volume in the last session has increased compared with PLUG’s average trading volume. We think the increased volume is representative of buyers as it has displayed in many other cases.  AMAT’s Stochastic Oscillator (%D) is at 60.44%. Values of %D line that are above 80 indicate that the security is overbought; prices could well fall in the near future. And the values below 20 that it is oversold indicate prices could very well bounce upwards. The Stochastic Oscillator is a powerful technical tool that is somewhat surprisingly easy to understand. In a basic sense, it is used by technicians to measure the speed or momentum of the price movement. It represents the location of the previous close relative to the price range over a set number of periods. This can be more easily understood, however, by pulling apart the two lines on the stochastic oscillator and explaining the simple underlying mathematical formulas. The first line is called the %K line, which analyzes the actual price movements in the shares and can be defined as: %K = (Current Close – Lowest Low)/(Highest High – Lowest Low) * 100. The second line, the %D line is simple a 3-day moving average of the %K line. There are three primary ways to read the Stochastic Oscillator in search of entry points, but traders should follow the %D line closely because that indicates major trends on the chart.  Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT)’s latest quote $56.36 $0.04 1.59% will find technical support in $55.61 a share and a breakdown below this region would be a significantly bearish signal for Applied Materials, Inc. traders. Any way you dice it, a dip below $54.86 a share would be very bad news for AMAT’s technical picture in the near-term. The $54.86 level represents at least another 2.66% downside for the stock from its current price. If Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) shares can stay above the price resistance around $56.81 a share, that could help propel Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) higher to the next line of resistance at $57.26 a share. The typical day in the last one month has seen about a 1.97% volatility. AMAT is down around 50.14% from its 12-month high of $28.1 notched on Nov 11, 2016 but is 105.7% above its highest point the past 12 months of $-3.21 a share. 

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/12/morse-asset-management-inc-boosts-stake-in-applied-materials-inc-amat.html


					Posted by Toi Williams on Nov 12th, 2017 // No Comments  Morse Asset Management Inc grew its holdings in shares of  Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) by 60.3% in the third quarter, according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 59,425 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock after acquiring an additional 22,350 shares during the quarter. Morse Asset Management Inc’s holdings in Applied Materials were worth $3,095,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.  Other institutional investors and hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. LeJeune Puetz Investment Counsel LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Applied Materials during the 3rd quarter valued at about $105,000.  MPS Loria Financial Planners LLC bought a new stake in shares of  Applied Materials during the 2nd quarter valued at about $109,000.  Wunderlich Capital Managemnt boosted its position in shares of  Applied Materials by 2.9% during the 2nd quarter. Wunderlich Capital Managemnt now owns 3,037 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock valued at $125,000 after acquiring an additional 87 shares during the last quarter.  Bessemer Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Applied Materials by 145.4% during the 2nd quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 3,067 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock valued at $126,000 after acquiring an additional 1,817 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of  Applied Materials during the 2nd quarter valued at about $134,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  79.67% of the company’s stock.  Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) traded up $0.88 during trading on Friday, reaching $56.36. The company had a trading volume of 7,373,000 shares, compared to its average volume of 9,048,504. The stock has a market capitalization of $60,107.21, a PE ratio of 18.91, a PEG ratio of 0.90 and a beta of 1.85. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.61, a quick ratio of 2.25 and a current ratio of 2.91. Applied Materials, Inc. has a 12 month low of $28.24 and a 12 month high of $57.34.  Applied Materials (NASDAQ:AMAT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, August 17th. The manufacturing equipment provider reported $0.86 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.84 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $3.74 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.69 billion. Applied Materials had a return on equity of 43.83% and a net margin of 24.71%. Applied Materials’s revenue for the quarter was up 32.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.50 earnings per share.  equities research analysts anticipate that  Applied Materials, Inc. will post 3.22 EPS for the current fiscal year.  The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, December 14th. Shareholders of record on Friday, November 24th will be given a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.71%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, November 22nd. Applied Materials’s payout ratio is 14.18%.  A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on AMAT. Royal Bank Of Canada  reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Applied Materials in a research report on Friday, October 27th. Deutsche Bank AG  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $58.00 target price on shares of Applied Materials in a research report on Thursday, October 12th. Citigroup Inc.  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $58.00 target price on shares of Applied Materials in a research report on Thursday, October 12th. Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Applied Materials in a research report on Sunday, October 1st. Finally, B. Riley  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $63.00 price target on shares of Applied Materials in a research note on Saturday, September 30th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty-two have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. Applied Materials  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $56.64. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Morse Asset Management Inc Has $3.10 Million Stake in Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT)” was first  posted by TrueBlueTribune and is the sole property of of TrueBlueTribune. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/12/morse-asset-management-inc-boosts-stake-in-applied-materials-inc-amat.html.  In related news, VP Thomas F. Larkins sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.24, for a total transaction of $1,537,200.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Alexander Karsner sold 22,762 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, August 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.03, for a total value of $1,002,210.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  0.31% of the company’s stock.  Applied Materials Profile    Receive News & Ratings for Applied Materials Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Applied Materials Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://www.presstelegram.com/2017/11/10/st-john-bosco-football-survives-itself-against-bishop-amat/

 TORRANCE >> The St. John Bosco football team overcame enough self-inflicted wounds to hold off Bishop Amat in a CIF Southern Section Division 1 first-round victory 35-21 on Friday at El Camino College. Bosco (9-2) led 21-0 at halftime, but committed a bevy of penalties and miscues that allowed Amat (5-6) to cut the lead to seven in the second half. However, Bosco quarterback DJ Uiagalelei led two quick touchdown drives in response to clinch the win. “I like the way we respond to tonight,” Bosco coach Jason Negro said. “When they got the momentum and got close, I thought we did a pretty good job of answering. A lot of credit for that goes to our sophomore quarterback in his fifth start.” Uiagalelei completed 18 of his 23 pass attempts for 307 yards and three touchdowns. Three of the incompletions were dropped balls, and the sophomore added a short rushing touchdown in the second half. He has scored 16 touchdowns in the last five weeks. Bosco junior receivers Josh Delgado and Colby Bowman both went over 100 yards receiving. The game started slowly, and played into Amat’s favor because of Bosco mistakes. The Braves were whistled 12 times for over 140 penalty yards. Amat was called for three penalties. “From an officiating standpoint, ultimately I think the game is just too fast for the guys trying to officiate,” Negro said. “We’re not going to change the way we play. You just got to hope you get better officiating as you go through the playoffs. Right now we have to do a better job of cutting down on the mistakes.” A pass interference call put Amat in the red zone for its first touchdown as running back Damien Moore scored from three-yards out. A roughing the kicker penalty extended the Lancers’ second scoring drive, capped by a 4th down touchdown pass from Blake Archuleta to Rueben Murillo. A bad snap on a punt set up Moore’s second touchdown run of the night to cut the Bosco lead to 28-21 early in the fourth quarter. Uiagalelei ran in his touchdowns five plays later to cap the scoring. Not counting the penalty yards, Bosco held Amat under 300 total yards of offense. Archuleta was 15 of 26 for 172 yards. Moore rushed for 96 yards on 19 carries. “We came here to play hard and that’s what we did, it just wasn’t enough,” Amat coach Steve Hegarty said. “Momentum is overrated. We just didn’t execute when we needed to.” Bosco, the No. 3 seed, is defending CIF-SS and CIF State Open Division champion. The Braves will face Rancho Cucamonga in the second round. 

