http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/GE-s-Flannery-making-GE-leaner-exiting-lighting-12352695.php

By Larry Rulison Caption Close 1907 panoramic view of General Electric Co. Schenectady Works, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) 1907 panoramic view of General Electric Co. Schenectady Works, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wooden barge tied up at the Schenectady Barge Terminal, 1941, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wooden barge tied up at the Schenectady Barge Terminal, 1941, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) In 1943, boys and girls kept their bikes in separate courts at Oneida School, Schenectady, N.Y., in this photo by Philip Bonn. (Library of Congress) In 1943, boys and girls kept their bikes in separate courts at Oneida School, Schenectady, N.Y., in this photo by Philip Bonn. (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) General Electric turbine plant, Schenectady, NY, 1949. (Library of Congress) General Electric turbine plant, Schenectady, NY, 1949. (Library of Congress) Ladies room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Ladies room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Executive office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Executive office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Conference room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Conference room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General Engineering Office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General Engineering Office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General offices, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General offices, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Window panel, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Window panel, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wing, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wing, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Corridor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Corridor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) East facade, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) East facade, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Street-level view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Street-level view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Small door, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Small door, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of the back of the Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of the back of the Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of east and south elevations, Schenectady City Hall, 100 Jay St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of east and south elevations, Schenectady City Hall, 100 Jay St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Schenectady General Electric Co. CEO John Flannery says GE Power can stay, but it needs to slash its budget by $1 billion. Flannery, who replaced Jeff Immelt as GE's leader over the summer, laid out his highly-anticipated vision for the company on Monday in a meeting with analysts that lasted nearly three hours. As expected, Flannery said that GE would exit businesses such as lighting and locomotives while it focuses on core businesses such as aviation, health care and its power plant business, known as GE Power. That's good news for downtown Schenectady, where GE has its power business headquarters and employs roughly 4,000 people. It's also good for the additional 2,000 people that work for GE Global Research in Niskayuna. Flannery praised the Niskayuna lab in his remarks Thursday and just said that GE is looking to close some foreign labs, but Niskayuna will remain open. Local officials praised Flannery's remarks, noting that he reaffirmed the importance of GE's local operations. "GE's investor presentation today affirmed the important role played by GE's Global Research Center in Niskayuna and the fact that GE Power is an integral part of the company," Ray Gillen, chair of the Schenectady County Metroplex Development Authority said Monday. "Power is one of three core businesses that the company is focused on moving forward. While GE Power is facing a challenging global environment, today's presentation reaffirmed GE's commitment to being a world leader in the power business building on the fact that 30 percent of the world's electricity supply is produced by turbines and generators built by the company." But the good news was also tempered by the news that Flannery wants to cut $1 billion in annual expenses from GE Power, a move that could spell job cuts in Schenectady, although the company has declined to provide any specific details on how the cost-cutting would be executed. Flannery has not hidden his disappointment with GE Power, which posted disappointing third quarter results that dragged down GE's overall earnings during the period and continued years of disappointing performance by GE's stock. "We have not performed well for our owners," Flannery said during the analyst meeting, held in New York City. "That is unacceptable." Just a few hours before Flannery made his remarks, he also cut GE's dividend paid to stockholders in half, dropping it to 12 cents per share from 24 cents. "We understand the importance of this decision to our shareowners and we have not made it lightly," Flannery said when he announced the dividend cut. "We are focused on driving total shareholder return and believe this is the right decision to align our dividend payout to cash flow generation." During the third quarter, GE Power's revenue dropped 4 percent to $8.7 billion, and its operating profit was down 51 percent to $611 million as GE overall saw its profits drop 10 percent. Flannery blamed the drop on poor execution and a buildup of excess inventory from overly optimistic sales projections. As a result, GE Power CEO Russell Stokes is tasked with cutting $1 billion from GE Power's annual expenses. Stokes, who is based in Atlanta, said some of the problems at GE Power had to do with GE's previous projections of capacity payments that power plants earn to have readily available electricity to send onto the grid. Because of that, fewer power plant owners are paying for upgrades to power plants that GE provides. "The U.S. market is clearly softer than we (anticipated)," Stokes said. Flannery's announcement on the dividend cut and his vision for GE's future rattled Wall Street and sent investors scrambling for the exits. Shares of GE (GE:NYSE) fell $1.47, or 7.17 percent, to $19.02 a share, a five-year low for the company that has already been dogged by complaints about its sagging stock price.         

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-13/ge-dividend-cut-is-a-bang-reboot-is-more-of-a-whimper

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 General Electric Co. may have a new leader, but the pattern of over-promising and under-delivering is the same. CEO John Flannery hosted an investor meeting in New York today to lay out his plan for digging the industrial giant out of its current cultural and cash crisis. Nov. 13 has been circled on investors&apos; calendars for months and the hype only grew after GE&apos;s dismal earnings report last month. GE Investor Meeting Summation Meh Until now, Flannery had held off on concrete details but said all the right things, promising that "no stone has been left unturned" in an "exhaustive" review. Even as GE&apos;s shares plunged, some investors were hopeful that we might finally see some radical thinking at GE. It wasn&apos;t to be. GE kicked off the morning by announcing a 50 percent cut to its quarterly dividend, a major, if necessary, step for a company that prides itself on the payout and caters to a large number of individual investors. Looking at GE&apos;s projected 2018 numbers released just a few hours later, however, it&apos;s not clear the company cut deep enough. The reduced dividend still costs about $4 billion annually. And while GE&apos;s targeting $6 billion to $7 billion in industrial free cash flow next year, that&apos;s based on a "cherry-picked definition", says Cowen & Co.&apos;s Gautam Khanna. The real number appears to be close to zero if you account for pension and capital expenditures as other industrial companies would, he says.  This is bad. For one, it means GE&apos;s dividend will still soak up a lot of its cash. Its payout ratio will continue to rank near the top for high-grade industrials. And while the company is aiming to simplify its convoluted reporting metrics, it&apos;s still relying on a number of puts and takes that make it harder to discern the true health of its businesses.  Starting in 2018, the company plans to ditch its "industrial operating plus verticals EPS" metric and shift to a benchmark of continuing EPS excluding gains, restructuring costs and non-operating pension expense.  Its decision to still exclude pension commitments will still stand out for some investors as many industrials include the expense. And about that "exhaustive" review of GE&apos;s portfolio -- it was kind of a dud. Flannery called out GE&apos;s transportation, lighting and industrial-solutions operations as divestiture candidates. Well that&apos;s good news, seeing as GE already agreed earlier this year to sell its industrial-solutions business to ABB Ltd. for $2.6 billion. The lighting unit has also reportedly been on the block for quite a while now, and every GE follower had transportation on their divestiture bingo cards. Flannery did mention 10-plus "other" transactions, but those are likely to be small carve-outs within businesses.     Basically, this is about what was expected when GE highlighted $20 billion of asset sales on the third-quarter earnings call, and it&apos;s no game changer. There is "optionality" with the publicly traded combination of its energy assets with Baker Hughes Inc., Flannery said. That could include GE winding down its 62.5 percent stake in the company. This is new-ish for GE, but not unexpected and the company will have to sit on the stake a bit longer to get a good price. Flannery is making some long-overdue cultural changes, including reducing GE&apos;s 18-member board to 12 directors, three of whom will be new. But it&apos;s going to take time for this renewed focus on accountability to hit the bottom line, particularly as GE&apos;s power unit continues to slog through slumping demand. And Flannery&apos;s plan for the meantime is in some ways just an echo of what we&apos;d previously heard from his predecessor Jeff Immelt: asset sales and cost cuts to help the strength of the underlying businesses shine through. It&apos;s now obvious to everyone that Immelt didn&apos;t actually do particularly well as far as executing on that strategy. If Flannery can do a better job, perhaps that will be enough to stop the stock&apos;s free fall. He, like Immelt, seems convinced that GE&apos;s main businesses all add value and it&apos;s worth keeping them in  a conglomerate structure. But they&apos;re increasingly in the minority. Flannery missed an opportunity to dramatically remake GE through a full-scale breakup, and at best, that positions the company for a tough grind through years of weak earnings.  There&apos;s nothing radical about that. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 GE has taken out $6 billion of debt to prepay its pension through 2020. To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/13/business/ge-dividend-flannery.html

By STEVE LOHRNOV. 13, 2017
 John Flannery, the new chief of General Electric, is backing away from the ambitious designs of his two predecessors, who steered the corporate giant and its conglomerate-style empire building for more than three decades. Mr. Flannery, who became chief executive in August, left no doubt on Monday that the conglomerate era is long gone. The new G.E., he declared repeatedly in his first detailed presentation on its future, will be a smaller company with fewer businesses. The operations up for sale include businesses that reach back to the days of G.E.’s founder Thomas Edison, like light bulbs and railroad locomotives. More than $20 billion in assets are earmarked for sale in the next couple of years. In addition, to help pay for the remaking of the company, G.E. announced on Monday that it would cut its dividend, only the second time it has done so since the Great Depression. The quarterly payout will be sliced in half, to 12 cents a share. Advertisement The goal is to make G.E. “simpler and easier to operate,” Mr. Flannery said. “Complexity has hurt us.” Advertisement That complexity was long a part of the company’s pitch to investors. Past executives like Jack Welch argued that they could efficiently manage businesses that had little in common, like television, with NBC, and financial services. Other companies followed that thinking as well, leading to a wave of deal-making. The streamlining began under Jeffrey R. Immelt, who led G.E. for 16 years after Mr. Welch retired in 2001. Mr. Immelt’s goal for G.E. was to create an industrial company for the internet age, adding software and sensors to industrial equipment to make “smart” machines. It was a bold plan, and Mr. Immelt once predicted that G.E. would become “a Top 10 software company” by 2020. No more. While the digital strategy is still vital to G.E., Mr. Flannery said he was cutting that unit’s spending by $400 million in 2018, and focusing on a few products. Even the G.E. board of directors is being reduced, to 12 members from 18. Three of the dozen will be new directors. Mr. Flannery, 56, sought to portray the path ahead not as a retreat but as an inspiring challenge. “This is the opportunity of a lifetime to reinvent an iconic company,” he said. Still, the hoped-for reinvention, even if successful, is going to take time. G.E. lowered its earnings target for next year and reiterated that 2018 would be a “reset year.” And the outlook for 2019, while improving, is expected to be challenging as well for its big power-turbine business, which fell off sharply this year. It will also change the complexion of the company. G.E., the country’s largest manufacturing company, had nearly 300,000 employees worldwide at the end of last year. The impending sales of several businesses and other cost-cutting initiatives will undoubtedly leave it with far fewer in the coming years, in more focused areas. Advertisement “John Flannery is generally saying and doing the right things,” said Scott Davis, chief executive of Melius Research, an independent financial analysis firm. “But I was looking for more — faster and more aggressive moves, both on cost-cutting and thinning the portfolio of businesses.” Concerns about the pace of change and the dividend cut sent G.E. shares, which had already dropped by 35 percent this year through Friday, down more than 7 percent on Monday. Mr. Flannery had previously given broad outlines of his strategy, including that the company would shed at least $20 billion in assets over the next two years. What came on Monday were details that confirmed a shortlist of businesses that are up for sale, like lighting, which has quietly been on sale for months. He also emphasized his belief in the vitality of a smaller G.E., and nodded to products like electric generators, jet engines and medical-imaging equipment. Because of those products, Mr. Flannery said, the company will continue to “power the world,” “transport people safely” and “save lives.” He also described other parts of the businesses as “fundamentally strong,” including wind turbines for renewable energy, and the company’s railroad-equipment unit, which is expected to be sold off.  Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. View all New York Times newsletters. Mr. Flannery’s strategy will accelerate the streamlining job begun by his immediate predecessor. Mr. Immelt described the company he inherited as a “classic conglomerate.” During his tenure, G.E. sold off its media business, NBC Universal, to Comcast and its consumer appliance business, among others. But the biggest move was to shed nearly all of the company’s finance arm, GE Capital. At its peak, the finance unit accounted for more than half of the company’s profits, and its lending ranged from home mortgages in Japan to reinsurance for long-term care for the aged. Mr. Flannery has attacked expenses, and he spoke repeatedly on Monday about injecting more “rigor and accountability” into the G.E. culture. Mr. Immelt departed earlier than expected as chief executive after Trian Fund Management, an activist hedge fund, persistently pressured G.E. to improve its financial performance. Edward Garden of Trian joined the G.E. board last month. To link management behavior more tightly to financial performance, Mr. Flannery is changing the compensation program for G.E.’s top 5,000 managers. The current plan, he explained, is about 70 percent in cash and the remainder in stock. The new plan, he added, will flip that ratio, with 70 percent of compensation in stock. Advertisement His own pay package, Mr. Flannery said, will be 100 percent in stock, with the amount of shares determined by the performance of the company. Since becoming chief executive, Mr. Flannery has grounded the corporate jet fleet, stretched out the construction schedule for G.E.’s new headquarters in Boston, closed down several international research-and-development labs and trimmed the work force in units like GE Digital. GE Digital, Mr. Flannery said, “continues to be vital to the company.” But its spending will be trimmed sharply as it concentrates on a narrower set of products that improve the efficiency and performance of G.E.’s industrial equipment. G.E. last cut its dividend in 2009 in the throes of the financial crisis, when it was the nation’s largest non-bank financial institution. The move announced on Monday reflects the company’s declining cash flow, but it is also a byproduct of the streamlining strategy. In the future, there will be fewer businesses to put cash in the corporate till. The total dividend payout had been $8.4 billion a year, among the most costly for American corporations. But the cash flow to cover that bill has faltered. When G.E. reported its third-quarter earnings last month, it said cash flow for the year would be about $7 billion, down from an initial target of $12 billion to $14 billion. The 12-cent quarterly dividend will consume only $4.2 billion. Mr. Flannery acknowledged “the gravity of this decision,” especially for individual shareholders who rely on dividend income. But it is necessary, he said, to “restore the oxygen of cash to the company.” An earlier version of this article misstated the age of John Flannery, General Electric’s new chief executive. He is 56, not 55. A version of this article appears in print on November 14, 2017, on Page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: G.E., Determined to Shrink, Turns Its Paring Knife on a Sacred Cow.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe

 We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. 

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-13/the-ge-baker-hughes-romance-may-be-ending-after-a-4-month-run

Photographer: Matt Nager/Bloomberg It was a July-to-November romance. Little more than four months after General Electric Co. married its oil and natural gas unit to Baker Hughes’s technical services business, GE’s eyes are wandering. Like a divorce attorney seeking to cloak the sordid details of an ugly breakup in elegant legalese, CFO Jamie Miller told reporters on Monday that the Boston-based industrial behemoth seeks “exit optionality.” In other words, GE may want to ditch Baker Hughes. According to a 57-page strategy presentation GE distributed to analysts and investors, Baker’s old-fashioned reliance on volatile commodity cycles and the near-term improbability of any meaningful recovery in demand for its services is cramping GE’s style. GE CEO John Flannery announced plans Monday to drastically shrink the company founded by Thomas Edison by selling multiple business lines, downsizing the board of directors and slashing the dividend for only the second time since the Great Depression. The Baker Hughes deal gave GE access to that company’s high-tech pumps used in oil wells and other innovative gear. But the target shed other offerings like onshore fracking and North American cementing before the pact was closed. The way Flannery tells it, the company knew things might end sadly all along. “The core conception of the deal is this was a stronger asset combined than we had on our own and it created an optionality in terms of a listed company where we could go,” said Flannery, who inherited the relationship when he succeeded Jeff Immelt in August. “The transaction was contemplating something like this at the outset, as one of the options for the company.” — With assistance by Rick Clough 

http://fortune.com/2017/11/13/ge-stock-what-are-dividends-cut/

General Electric is more than just an outlier on the Dow for being the lowest-priced stock on Index. The giant is also cutting dividends at a time when many other U.S. companies are pushing them up in a bid to lure in investors. GE, which has been struggling to downsize in recent years, announced Monday plans to cut its dividends by half, from 24 cents a share on a quarterly basis to 12 cents a share. A 12 cent cut may not seem like a lot from a per share basis. But think of it this way: over the past decade, they’ve represented about half of the returns earned by stock investors overall. Dividends are a portion of earnings that some some companies pay out to shareholders for simply holding onto the stock. Not all companies have these regular payments. Jeff Bezos’ Amazon for example decided against doing so, likely because he believed earnings could be put to a better use. And for GE, while it 24 cents per share may seem paltry, consider the payouts of investors who actually hold onto the stock. Before GE’s most recent cut, dividends represented more than $8 billion in income for investors yearly. GE also was the the seventh-best paying dividend stock on a dollar-basis on the S&P 500 before Monday. “Many investors own GE for the dividend, so it’s disappointing, but it’s also not very surprising that they had to cut,” said Allianz Global Investor’s Burns McKinney in a email Monday, as the company’s share price slid 7.2%. Though the Federal Reserve cut interest rates following the Financial Crisis in a bid to jump start the economy, U.S. giants decided against investing research and development — and instead, rewarded their shareholders with dividends and stock buybacks. “The low interest rates that were intended to drive businesses to invest in their growth and take some entrepreneurial risk instead had the opposite effect,” according to an LPL Financial report. To some extent, that appears to have continued in 2017, with earnings have grown this year amid stronger economic outlook both domestically and abroad, the majority of U.S. companies on the S&P 500 have though have raised their dividend payouts. According to Howard Silverblatt, a veteran market analyst at S&P Global, 310 companies have hiked their rates this year, adding $36.3 billion to annual dividend payouts. The hikes are expected to lead to a sixth consecutive year of record-breaking dividend payouts, according to the analyst. “I believe the overall dividend picture is very positive, as companies have record earnings, with cash also at a record,” Silverblatt wrote in a Monday note. One reason why companies may choose to pass on their growing cash flow as dividends: to keep shareholders happy and buying. Unlike Amazon, whose stock jumped 57% in the past year, GE isn’t considered a growing company — if anything, it is shrinking. So instead of using its earnings to break into new markets, GE is passing what it can to shareholders as a steady form of income. For companies, issuing dividends can also be a sign of financial health: it’s a message that it can afford such payouts. But not all high yielding dividend stocks are a sound investment. It can be a bad sign when a company’s dividends outpace its available free cash flow. 

https://www.benzinga.com/media/cnbc/17/11/10772455/after-ge-slashes-its-dividend-who-will-be-next

General Electric Company (NYSE: GE) announced a series of plans Monday to improve its business moving forward, perhaps the most notable of which consists of a 50 percent reduction to its dividend payment. Herb Greenberg, managing partner of Pacific Square Research and CNBC contributor. One of the biggest takeaways from GE's investor day presentation is that its recently appointed CEO John Flannery gets credit for swallowing a "bitter pill," Greenberg said during CNBC's Squawk Alley segment. Now the executive can not only reset expectations, but "ignore everything else and move on from here." Flannery's move to slash GE's dividends may pave the way for other executives to follow suit, Greenberg said. After all, Flannery is making cash flow a "front and center" part of GE's turnaround story, which may mark an end to the company's reputation among some dividend seekers as being a "safe hiding place" dating back to "forever," Greenberg said.  Looking forward, one of the potential companies who may follow GE's lead is Kellogg Company. (NYSE: K), Greenberg said. Similar to GE, Kellogg has a new CEO and has also been attempting to pull multiple levers to spur growth to navigate short-term company specific issues, he said.  "You look at the cash flow — what you really think the cash flow, or the quality of the cash flow is, and you say 'hmmm, what's going to happen going forward?'" Greenberg said. "Can they keep it going?" Shares of GE hit a new 52-week low of $19 and were trading lower by more than 7 percent Monday afternoon. Related Links: Cramer's 'Biggest Mistake'? Owning General Electric's Stock JPMorgan Cuts Target On GE To $22: 'We Don't See The Future Growth Potential' Posted-In: dividends General Electric Herb Greenberg John Flannery Squawk AlleyCNBC Media Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 

http://fortune.com/2017/11/13/ge-stock-what-are-dividends-cut/

General Electric is more than just an outlier on the Dow for being the lowest-priced stock on Index. The giant is also cutting dividends at a time when many other U.S. companies are pushing them up in a bid to lure in investors. GE, which has been struggling to downsize in recent years, announced Monday plans to cut its dividends by half, from 24 cents a share on a quarterly basis to 12 cents a share. A 12 cent cut may not seem like a lot from a per share basis. But think of it this way: over the past decade, they’ve represented about half of the returns earned by stock investors overall. Dividends are a portion of earnings that some some companies pay out to shareholders for simply holding onto the stock. Not all companies have these regular payments. Jeff Bezos’ Amazon for example decided against doing so, likely because he believed earnings could be put to a better use. And for GE, while it 24 cents per share may seem paltry, consider the payouts of investors who actually hold onto the stock. Before GE’s most recent cut, dividends represented more than $8 billion in income for investors yearly. GE also was the the seventh-best paying dividend stock on a dollar-basis on the S&P 500 before Monday. “Many investors own GE for the dividend, so it’s disappointing, but it’s also not very surprising that they had to cut,” said Allianz Global Investor’s Burns McKinney in a email Monday, as the company’s share price slid 7.2%. Though the Federal Reserve cut interest rates following the Financial Crisis in a bid to jump start the economy, U.S. giants decided against investing research and development — and instead, rewarded their shareholders with dividends and stock buybacks. “The low interest rates that were intended to drive businesses to invest in their growth and take some entrepreneurial risk instead had the opposite effect,” according to an LPL Financial report. To some extent, that appears to have continued in 2017, with earnings have grown this year amid stronger economic outlook both domestically and abroad, the majority of U.S. companies on the S&P 500 have though have raised their dividend payouts. According to Howard Silverblatt, a veteran market analyst at S&P Global, 310 companies have hiked their rates this year, adding $36.3 billion to annual dividend payouts. The hikes are expected to lead to a sixth consecutive year of record-breaking dividend payouts, according to the analyst. “I believe the overall dividend picture is very positive, as companies have record earnings, with cash also at a record,” Silverblatt wrote in a Monday note. One reason why companies may choose to pass on their growing cash flow as dividends: to keep shareholders happy and buying. Unlike Amazon, whose stock jumped 57% in the past year, GE isn’t considered a growing company — if anything, it is shrinking. So instead of using its earnings to break into new markets, GE is passing what it can to shareholders as a steady form of income. For companies, issuing dividends can also be a sign of financial health: it’s a message that it can afford such payouts. But not all high yielding dividend stocks are a sound investment. It can be a bad sign when a company’s dividends outpace its available free cash flow. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/general-electric-apos-turnaround-plan-180600524.html

Mike Simons / Getty Images  General Electric's plan to reconfigure its flailing business is being met with skepticism by investors. The company's stock dropped as much as 7.1% on Monday after it laid out a corporate restructuring plan and trimmed full-year 2018 guidance. GE outlined turnaround measures in an investor presentation, and they included: And a turnaround is certainly needed. Even before Monday's drop, the stock had fallen 35% year-to-date, wiping out more than $100 billion in market value over the period. It's been a sore spot for the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the 30-company index that counts GE as its worst-performing stock in 2017. Based on their reaction on Monday, investors are waiting to see how these changes trickle down to the bottom line before building positions. It was a turbulent morning overall for GE shares, which actually rallied on initial reports that the company was cutting its dividend. It's possible that investors were thinking that GE would take the money used on dividends and reinvest it into core businesses — a practice they've been rewarding since the start of 2016. But a couple hours later, once GE chief executive officer John Flannery laid out the rest of the details outlined above and announced the cut to 2018 guidance, the shares took a sharp downward turn.  Gautam Khanna, an analyst at Cowen who has a market perform — or neutral — rating on GE, called the message conveyed by the company "underwhelming." He is particularly worried about the company's cash flow throw 2018, despite the scaling-back of the dividend. Stifel analyst Robert McCarthy was nonplussed by much of what GE laid out, saying that the dividend cut was expected, as was the company's exit from several key verticals. He too reiterated his hold rating. In an interesting twist of fate, traders betting against GE missed out on the opportunity to reap huge profits from the stock drop. Short sellers — or those wagering on a share decline — trimmed their position by $44 million in the two months leading up to Monday's decline, according to data compiled by financial-analytics provider S3 Partners. They do, however, still have about $100 million held short. So going forward, it'll be important to keep an eye on how that level changes, to gauge sentiment shifts in GE's stock. Markets Insider NOW WATCH: $6 TRILLION INVESTMENT CHIEF: The next recession is years away See Also: SEE ALSO: General Electric just slashed its dividend — and that could save its stock from free fall 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/general-electric-apos-turnaround-plan-180600524.html

Mike Simons / Getty Images  General Electric's plan to reconfigure its flailing business is being met with skepticism by investors. The company's stock dropped as much as 7.1% on Monday after it laid out a corporate restructuring plan and trimmed full-year 2018 guidance. GE outlined turnaround measures in an investor presentation, and they included: And a turnaround is certainly needed. Even before Monday's drop, the stock had fallen 35% year-to-date, wiping out more than $100 billion in market value over the period. It's been a sore spot for the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the 30-company index that counts GE as its worst-performing stock in 2017. Based on their reaction on Monday, investors are waiting to see how these changes trickle down to the bottom line before building positions. It was a turbulent morning overall for GE shares, which actually rallied on initial reports that the company was cutting its dividend. It's possible that investors were thinking that GE would take the money used on dividends and reinvest it into core businesses — a practice they've been rewarding since the start of 2016. But a couple hours later, once GE chief executive officer John Flannery laid out the rest of the details outlined above and announced the cut to 2018 guidance, the shares took a sharp downward turn.  Gautam Khanna, an analyst at Cowen who has a market perform — or neutral — rating on GE, called the message conveyed by the company "underwhelming." He is particularly worried about the company's cash flow throw 2018, despite the scaling-back of the dividend. Stifel analyst Robert McCarthy was nonplussed by much of what GE laid out, saying that the dividend cut was expected, as was the company's exit from several key verticals. He too reiterated his hold rating. In an interesting twist of fate, traders betting against GE missed out on the opportunity to reap huge profits from the stock drop. Short sellers — or those wagering on a share decline — trimmed their position by $44 million in the two months leading up to Monday's decline, according to data compiled by financial-analytics provider S3 Partners. They do, however, still have about $100 million held short. So going forward, it'll be important to keep an eye on how that level changes, to gauge sentiment shifts in GE's stock. Markets Insider NOW WATCH: $6 TRILLION INVESTMENT CHIEF: The next recession is years away See Also: SEE ALSO: General Electric just slashed its dividend — and that could save its stock from free fall 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3311453-live-ges-investor-update-webcast

Webcast link; Presentation slides CEO John Flannery: For my first 100 days, I had to determine "what defines a classic GE business" and "what's the essence of the company?" "We have not performed well for our owners. Going forward, we will create the most value from the portfolio of our businesses. We will be a digital industrial company, much more transparent and a company that matters to the world." "GE has remade itself multiple times. Time and time again we have proven that." "Our power business is a challenge right now, but it is a fundamental asset. We will improve that in the next 1-2 years." Where to go in the future? "Simpler and more focused GE. Complexity has hurt us." Portfolio breakdown: Power: Great franchise, poor execution. Focusing on cash, cash, cash. Aviation: The business is where GE is at its best. Healthcare: Good global growth, but a lot of digital disruption. Renewables: Strong growth curve. Challenge is the margin rate. Baker Hughes GE: Merger is going well, but it faces cyclicality. Transportation: Great customer relationships in the U.S., but still figuring out how to move internationally. Focus for 2018: Strong cash position, balance capital allocation, continue to invest in R&D, will borrow $6B to fund pension plans, disciplined financial policy, limited amount of M&A, simpler metrics. Note on Alstom: Business has performed below our expectations, is at single digit returns, but GE Power is "working the hell out of it." Digital: Key to the company, focus on APM, OPM and ServiceMax. Leadership changes: New GE board is refreshing and self-assessing, movement away from cash to equity (higher equity mix for management; 100% of CEO equity issue in performance share units). 9:48 a.m. ET: Vice Chair / Aviation CEO David Joyce is coming on now to discuss GE Aviation and Additives businesses. GE is 3% lower in early trade to under $20 per share. 10:12 a.m. ET: Power CEO Russell Stokes has taken the mic. "How do we view GE Power? Gas power generation will remain an important market despite renewables, storage and near-term challenges. " What are we doing to reset the business? Planning $1B in structural cost-out, will fix operational misses, greater appreciation of utilization of assets and additional cost actions. Going forward we will right-size the business for realities, drive a more holistic services focus, execute better and improve our culture. 10:39 a.m. ET: CFO Jamie Miller is live discussing financials from the investor slides released earlier and the outlook for 2018. GE drops further, now down 4.4% to $19.58 a share. 10:39 a.m. ET: Closing statements from CEO John Flannery - We don't have specific guidance for 2019 and 2020, but we're pushing for value creation. We hope to stabilize organic revenue growth, continue to move the needle on cost and reinvigorate our culture. 11:00 a.m. ET: Q&A has begun: Trian is on the board now. Is there a difference between the activist short-term mindset vs. the company's time horizon? [Flannery] Can't talk for Trian, but I would encourage debate. How do you protect you legacy? [Flannery] Ask questions, look at data. There's been a lot of restructuring over the last years and appears to be a big difference between gross and net? [Miller] You will see the true run-rate run out. [Flannery] We will be rigorous about tracking and accountability is key. On the Power side, as you see the cost of storage falling and renewables improving, what are your thoughts on gas generation? [Flannery] It's 30% of power generation around the world. It's a dynamic, disrupted space, but it has opportunity to it. Why are you putting Transportation on the block? [Flannery] On the cycle side of things, we see a slowdown in the North American market. We are exploring a sale or a spin. On the focus side, we are concentrating on areas that will make the most value. Shortly after you were made CEO, it was quoted that the dividend would be safe. Why did it take so long for the decision to cut? [Flannery] There was a major change in our cash flow statement. The single biggest delta is what happened in our Power business. GE shares have slipped 6.3%, down over $1.28  to $19.24. 11:51 a.m. ET: The event has wrapped up. Previously: GE sees below-consensus 2018 earnings (Nov. 13 2017) Previously: GE halves dividend; shares up 2.2% (Nov. 13 2017) Previously: GE plans focus on three key units (Nov. 13 2017) Now read: GE's CEO, John Flannery, Faces Crucial 'Vision' Day » 

