https://investorplace.com/2017/11/netflix-nflx-a-buy-on-robust-quant-score/

The current recommendation of Buy for Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) is derived using Louis Navellier's Portfolio Grader stock evaluator, which incorporates his investing methodology. The current Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has been in place for the last month. The company is classified as a constituent of the 32 company Internet & Direct Marketing Retail GICS industry group, which is part of the 568 company GICS Consumer Discretionary sector. NFLX has a market value of $83.1 billion which is in the top 10% of its industry group Currently, the stock's Portfolio Grader ranking places it 7 among the 32 companies in this industry group, placing it among the leaders.  The Consumer Discretionary sector is ranked number 12 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it as the least attractive sector of all the GICS sectors. The Internet & Direct Marketing Retail industry group is ranked 50 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it below-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. Netflix has achieved above-average scores in 5 of the 8 fundamental areas evaluated by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average grades in 3 of the areas used in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are well above average. Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with a ranking for earnings revisions that is much better than the industry average but rankings for earnings surprises and earnings momentum worse than average. NFLX's metric for return on equity is discernibly better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average. These fundamental scores give Netflix a position in the top quartile of the industry group.  Portfolio Grader quantitatively measures NFLX's shares using the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score. This metric looks at NFLX's shares from the aspect of risk/reward. This proprietary scoring system considers the relative value of NFLX's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Based on this risk/reward calculation, the company currently scores above-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/netflix-nflx-a-buy-on-robust-quant-score/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nflx-stock-shrinking-mote/

Source: Shutterstock Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) has reached a plateau. After periods of seemingly continuous increases, NFLX stock has remained flat for the last month. Though the success of homegrown programming such as Stranger Things and its move into 190 countries throughout the world has bolstered the stock, the equity now faces many threats. Given a high valuation and its competitive threats, investors would be wise to avoid this stock for now.
A sell recommendation on this article comes with mixed feelings. As I pointed out in September, Netflix has enjoyed an ever-growing stock bolstered by 20 years of mostly correct strategic decisions. And as our won Robert Waldo pointed out, when people are using “Netflix” as a verb meaning to watch streamed content, it’s a clear indication that NFLX and its offerings have become an integral part of millions of lives. With solid management and a great programming lineup, it is little wonder this service, and by extension NFLX stock, remains popular. Still, challenges remain. The most serious challenge for the company involves formidable competitors arising, namely Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS).
Having Disney pull its content from Netflix to start their streaming service serves as a blow to the platform. Netflix’s moat is not wide or deep enough to block Disney. With its classic movies dating as far back as the 1930s, Pixar, and the Star Wars franchise, Disney offers a library of time-tested content with which NFLX cannot compete. However, this does not mean Disney will destroy Netflix. NFLX produces great content of its own, the latest being Stranger Things 2. It is this content upon which Netflix’s moat was built and allowed them to stay on top of competition from Hulu, Prime from Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and HBO Now from Time Warner Inc (NYSE:TWX).
Moreover, NFLX has a history of defeating the competition. The company ran Blockbuster LLC out of business through mail order movies and later streaming. Additionally, the company undercut cable providers, calling into question the viability of offerings from Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T). Still, another issue with the company is the NFLX stock price itself. The equity trades in the $190s per share. This price has NFLX stock trading at almost 200 times earnings, eight times sales and over 25 times book value. The sales and book value metrics exceed that of even Amazon. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nflx-stock-shrinking-mote/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/13/netflix-inc-nflx-are-there-still-some-opportunities-on-the-horizon/

It’s worth it to have a look at Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) as there may be a chasm between the bulls and the bears as far as recent trading activity goes. Now trading with a market value of 83.91B, the company has a mix of catalysts and obstacles that spring from the nature of its operations. As the day-to-day narrative ebbs and flows for this company, it is more important than ever to step back and get a bird’s eye view of the fundamental reality under the surface of this story. Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Fundamentals That Matter It’s generally a good idea to start with the most fundamental piece of the picture: the balance sheet. The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For NFLX, the company currently has 1.75 billion of cash on the books. The trend over time is important to note. In this case, the company’s debt has been growing. The company also has 16.95 billion in total assets, balanced by 13.62 billion in total liabilities, which should give you a sense of the viability of the company under any number of imagined business contexts. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) saw -453.57 million in free cash flow last quarter, representing a quarterly net change in cash of -172.31 million. Perhaps most importantly where cash movements are concerned, the company saw about -419.61 million in net operating cash flow. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Revenue Growth Potential As far as key trends that demonstrate something of the future investment potential of this stock, we need to take a closer look at the top line, first and foremost. Last quarter, the company saw 2.98 billion in total revenues. That represents a quarterly year/year change in revenues of 0.30 in sequential terms, the NFLX saw sales decline by 0.07. But what about the bottom line? After all, that’s what really matters in the end. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) is intriguing when broken down to its core data. The cost of selling goods last quarter was 1.99 billion, yielding a gross basic income of 991.88 million. For shareholders, given the total diluted outstanding shares of 447.36 million, this means overall earnings per share of 0.29. Note, this compares with a consensus analyst forecast of 0.42 in earnings per share for its next fiscal quarterly report. 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Is Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Valuation Attractive Looking ahead at valuations, according to the consensus, the next fiscal year is forecast to bring about 2.29 in total earnings per share. If we consider a median price to earnings ratio on the stock, that corresponds with a stock price of 87.31. However, one should always remember: the trends are more important than the forecasts. This continues to be an interesting story, and we look forward to updating it again soon on Netflix, Inc.. 

https://stocknews.com/news/nflx-customers-will-start-seeing-a-netflix-inc-nflx-price-bump/

NFLX – Netflix’s latest price hike is rolling out to some customers now, with others on tap in coming months. Back in October, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) announced its first major price hike for U.S. customers in over a year. Luckily for most customers, the higher pricing hasn’t taken effect yet. As Inverse reports, that’s because the price raises being rolled out based on individual subscribers’ billing cycles — although many will see the change very soon: The price rollouts happen over several months, so not seeing a price increase this month unfortunately doesn’t mean you’re an erroneous exception. Luckily the increase won’t cost you an arm and a leg, regardless of your subscription plan. Netflix’s most popular subscription, the standard plan — which allows two screens to watch simultaneously — is increasing by $1 to $10.99 a month. The premium plan — four screens at the same time — will rise from $11.99 to $13.99. The site’s basic plan (at $7.99) won’t change. Netflix says the price hike is due to new features and content. The streaming media giant will spend over $7 billion on content creation and licensing next year, and that industry-high budget will probably only continue to increase in the future. The company used to only offer shows and movies it licensed from other creators, but it’s quickly expanded its in-house productions in recent years. Netflix now has significant offerings ranging in anime, horror movies, comedy specials, and documentary genres. It also now allows users to download content for offline viewing, further bolstering its case for a price increase. Netflix, Inc. shares rose $0.22 (+0.11%) in premarket trading Tuesday. Year-to-date, NFLX has gained 57.58%, versus a 17.22% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. NFLX currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #5 of 50 stocks in the Internet category. 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/13/which-way-traders-signposts-netflix-inc-nflx-nasdaq-inc-ndaq-stocks/

Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) plunged -0.97% with the closing price of $192.02. The overall volume in the last trading session was 6.62 million shares. Company Growth Evolution: ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 4.50 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry’s average stands at 16.72 and sector’s optimum level is 14.05. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) have shown a high EPS growth of -6.50% in the last 5 years and has earnings rose of 51.50% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.20 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The stock appeared $204.38 above its 52-week highs and is down -3.99% for the last five trades. The stock ended last trade at $192.02 a share and the price is up more than 55.11% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 24.97 vs. an industry average at 5.93. Its sales stood at 22.50% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued. Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ) ended its day at $73.57 with the rising stream of -0.22% and its total traded volume was 1.2 million shares more than the average volume. Returns and Valuations for Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ) Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 2.48, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry’s average. The average of this ratio is 12.99 for the industry and sector’s best figure appears 0.58. Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ), at its latest closing price of $73.57, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.14, compared to an industry average at 3.81. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you’re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately. Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ), stock is trading $78.31 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -21.50% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is -74.40% . Its share price has decline -4.21% in three months and is up 1.62% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.60. 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/13/which-way-traders-signposts-netflix-inc-nflx-nasdaq-inc-ndaq-stocks/

Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) plunged -0.97% with the closing price of $192.02. The overall volume in the last trading session was 6.62 million shares. Company Growth Evolution: ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 4.50 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry’s average stands at 16.72 and sector’s optimum level is 14.05. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) have shown a high EPS growth of -6.50% in the last 5 years and has earnings rose of 51.50% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.20 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The stock appeared $204.38 above its 52-week highs and is down -3.99% for the last five trades. The stock ended last trade at $192.02 a share and the price is up more than 55.11% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 24.97 vs. an industry average at 5.93. Its sales stood at 22.50% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued. Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ) ended its day at $73.57 with the rising stream of -0.22% and its total traded volume was 1.2 million shares more than the average volume. Returns and Valuations for Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ) Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 2.48, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry’s average. The average of this ratio is 12.99 for the industry and sector’s best figure appears 0.58. Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ), at its latest closing price of $73.57, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.14, compared to an industry average at 3.81. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you’re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately. Nasdaq, Inc. (NASDAQ:NDAQ), stock is trading $78.31 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -21.50% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is -74.40% . Its share price has decline -4.21% in three months and is up 1.62% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.60. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/netflix-nflx-a-buy-on-solid-earnings-growth/

The current recommendation of Buy for Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) is the result of using the Portfolio Grader stock evaluator, which incorporates Louis Navellier's investing methodology. The current Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has been in place for the last month. The company is a component of the 32 company Internet & Direct Marketing Retail GICS industry group, which is part of the 569 company GICS Consumer Discretionary sector. NFLX has a market value of $86.6 billion which is in the top 10% of its industry group Portfolio Grader's current ranking for NFLX puts it 4 among the 32 companies in this industry group, placing it among the leaders.  Currently, Portfolio Grader ranks the Consumer Discretionary sector number 12 among the 12 sectors in its universe putting it as the least attractive sector of all the GICS sectors. The Internet & Direct Marketing Retail industry group is ranked 45 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it below-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. Netflix has achieved above-average scores in 5 of the 8 fundamental metrics used by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average grades in 3 of the areas used in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are well above average. Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with a ranking for earnings revisions that is much better than the industry average but rankings for earnings surprises and earnings momentum worse than average. NFLX's metric for return on equity is appreciably better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average. These fundamental scores give Netflix a position in the top quartile of the industry group.  The Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score is used by Portfolio Grader to gauge NFLX's shares from the angle of risk/reward. This unique scoring system assesses the relative value of the company's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, NFLX currently scores well above-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/netflix-nflx-a-buy-on-solid-earnings-growth/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://stocknews.com/news/nflx-why-netflix-inc-nflx-might-get-into-a-pricing-war/

NFLX – Disney just said it would price its streaming service much lower than Netflix. Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) will lose its rights to stream Disney-owned content at the end of next year, but that might be a minor worry considering this week’s development. As Polygon reports, Disney CEO Bob Iger disclosed this week that Disney’s upcoming streaming service will be price “substantially lower” than Netflix: Iger spoke at length about the streaming service, which still doesn’t have an official name, during an investor’s call. Few details were revealed — save for an announcement that four live-action series based on Disney properties (Star Wars, High School Musical, Monsters, Inc. and Marvel) are in development and will be exclusive to the streaming platform. Iger did take a few minutes to speak out pricing and content on the network, which is expected to launch in 2019. “We’ve given a lot of thought to pricing,” Iger said. “I can’t get specific with you yet, because we haven’t determined it yet. It will be substantially below Netflix because we’ll have substantially less volume.” Netflix currently offers three different subscription tiers to U.S. subscribers: a basic plan for $7.99 a month, a premium plan at $10.99, and an ultra premium plan for $13.99. Those latter two plans just received price bumps of $1 and $2, respectively. Whether Netflix can get away with those prices when Disney enters the market is another question. Disney says its service will include 500 plans from its popular library — including Star Wars and Marvel movies — and about 7,000 episodes of Disney TV. That pales in comparison to Netflix’s library, but depending on how much lower Disney prices its service, it could well put considerable pricing pressure on NFLX to offer more value to users. Netflix, Inc. shares fell $1.10 (-0.57%) in premarket trading Friday. Year-to-date, NFLX has gained 56.62%, versus a 17.14% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. NFLX currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of B (Buy), and is ranked #11 of 50 stocks in the Internet category. 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Management%2BComments/Disneys%2B%2528DIS%2529%2BIger%2BSays%2BStreaming%2BService%2Bto%2Bbe%2BPriced%2BWell%2BBelow%2BNetflix%2B%2528NFLX%2529%2B-%2BBloomberg%252C%2BCiting%2BComments%2Bon%2BCall/13490549.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/netflix-nflx-3rd-quarter-earnings-what-to-expect-cm859968

Netflix earnings (Shutterstock photo) In the spirit of the NBA season set to officially begin tomorrow, there’s no denying that Netflix (NFLX), which has been among the best-performing tech stocks in the market this year, posting more than 60% returns, has been nothing but net. But when projecting out to the next 12 to 18 months, investors want assurances that the internet movie streaming giant, which is set to report third quarter earnings results after the closing bell today, will be a slam dunk. Several prominent Wall Street analysts have answered that question recently when by boosting their price targets on the strength of the company’s subscriber growth momentum, coinciding with its recent subscription price increases. Morgan Stanley analyst Benjamin Swinburne last week increased his price target on NFLX stock to $225 from $210, citing increased revenue from higher pricing plans. Netflix two weeks ago raised its most-popular U.S. streaming service, previously at $9.99 per month, by 10% to $10.99 per month. Its premium service, meanwhile, rose 17% to $13.99 per month from $11.99. Both new pricing plans, which offer high-definition viewing on multiple screens, take effect in November. The company said it will begin notifying current subscribers about the price bump October 19. On Friday Netflix shares hit an all-time high after both Goldman Sachs analyst Heath Terry, who projects Netflix to post subscriber gains above expectations in the next two quarters, raised his price target to a Street high of $235. "We believe consensus subscriber estimates for Netflix ahead of Monday's earnings remain too low, particularly for the quarter, 4Q, and beyond," Terry said in a note to investors Friday. Terry expects Netflix to add 14 million net subscribers in the next two quarters, well above Street consensus of just 10.8 million. Essentially, Wall Street believes the company’s product has become too sticky and an integral part of people’s lives for a modest price increase in its subscription plans to cause massive cancellations. “We believe that Netflix’s pricing power has increased materially over the past few years as their content slate and technology has improved,” said RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney in a note last week. That said, amid stiff competition from the likes of Amazon (AMZN), Hulu and now Google’s (GOOG , GOOGL) YouTube TV, how Netflix guides on Monday will give investors a better sense of its confidence regarding any potential adverse effects of the price increase. For the quarter that ended September, Wall Street expects Netflix to earn 32 cents per share on revenue of $2.97 billion, translating to year-over-year growth of 166% and 30%, respectively. For the full year, ending December, the Los Gatos, Calif.-based company’s earnings are projected to rise 176% to $1.19 per share, while full-year revenue of $11.54 billion would mark an increase of 30% year over year. The fact that quarterly profits are expected to grow at significantly faster than the rate of revenue underscores precisely the pricing power analysts have begun to boast about. And as long as that power continues to rise, Netflix stock will too. At the time of publication, Richard Saintvilus was long NFLX shares. 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

