http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/columnists/reed/ct-biz-ge-cat-restructuring-lessons-robert-reed-1115-story.html

As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. That’s because when it comes to cost-cutting, boosting sales, making money and getting back in the good graces of Wall Street, Deerfield-based Caterpillar’s two-year-plus reorganization is firing on all cylinders. As a result, Cat is chalking up the type of results that GE hopes to achieve, provided its sweeping revamp launched this week is as successful. GE is unloading a whopping $20 billion in assets, including its locally based transportation division, and shrinking the unwieldy conglomerate into a more manageable and, it hopes, highly profitable industrial concern. Boston-based GE is larger and more multi-dimensional than heavy equipment maker Cat, so direct comparisons aren’t always apt. Nonetheless, GE’s recently installed CEO John Flannery should be emboldened by Cat’s rebound. “CEO John Flannery reset expectations to reflect the harsh realities of what we believe will likely be a multiyear turnaround,” wrote Barbara Noverini, senior equity analyst for Morningstar, in an update following GE’s announcement. Just like GE, Cat understands that desperate times call for desperate measures. Between 2010 and 2016, the maker of heavy manufacturing equipment and construction vehicles suffered a 40 percent sales and revenue decline — an unprecedented tumble for the 92-year-old Cat. The free-fall compelled the executive brass in late 2015 to initiate its mass restructuring that centered on a $1.5 billion cost reduction plan. Cat also sought to use the revamp as a means of forging a different corporate culture, one that was more growth-oriented and better poised to take advantage of the homebuilding and infrastructure revival underway overseas and throughout North America. So far, Cat’s business comeback is on track. Its workforce has declined by at least 16,000, some 30 facilities have been closed or consolidated; and it may exceed the $1.5 billion in cost cuts, according to the company. In the third quarter, Cat said it expects 2017 sales and revenue of $44 billion, up from its earlier quarterly forecast of $42 billion to $44 billion. Cat also expects annual adjusted earnings of $6.25 per share, up from the $5 previously forecast. While those who have lost their jobs are bearing the brunt of Cat’s changes, the results and projections are exceeding Wall Street’s expectations. Cat stock is trading around $134 per share, compared to $94 per share about a year ago. Right now, GE can only dream of such a lofty improvement. The company’s stock is hovering at around $18 per share, down from just over $20 per share at the time of Flannery’s Monday announcement, which included a steep 50 percent dividend cut. A year ago, GE was trading at $30 per share. Wall Street wags, who have been waiting a long time for a GE turnaround, are openly wondering if Flannery is cutting enough. Some question if the company’s three remaining industry segments —aviation, health care and power—can become a big money-making operation. Flannery has asked investors to be patient because his plan will take a few years. Frustrated shareholders may be too rough on Flannery, a GE veteran with ample corporate reorganization experience, who seems ready to do what’s necessary to revive the company. After all, GE is spinning off some sacred properties, including the signature lighting division that inventor Thomas Edison developed to help start the company more than 125 years ago. Caterpillar also turned a page on its history by deciding to relocate its longtime headquarters from Peoria to Deerfield, which will be completely operational by mid-2018. Yes, large manufacturing revivals are difficult and tricky. But Cat is showing GE that there is a way to bring good things to life. roreed@chicagotribune.com Twitter @ReedTribBiz 

http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/columnists/reed/ct-biz-ge-cat-restructuring-lessons-robert-reed-1115-story.html

As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. That’s because when it comes to cost-cutting, boosting sales, making money and getting back in the good graces of Wall Street, Deerfield-based Caterpillar’s two-year-plus reorganization is firing on all cylinders. As a result, Cat is chalking up the type of results that GE hopes to achieve, provided its sweeping revamp launched this week is as successful. GE is unloading a whopping $20 billion in assets, including its locally based transportation division, and shrinking the unwieldy conglomerate into a more manageable and, it hopes, highly profitable industrial concern. Boston-based GE is larger and more multi-dimensional than heavy equipment maker Cat, so direct comparisons aren’t always apt. Nonetheless, GE’s recently installed CEO John Flannery should be emboldened by Cat’s rebound. “CEO John Flannery reset expectations to reflect the harsh realities of what we believe will likely be a multiyear turnaround,” wrote Barbara Noverini, senior equity analyst for Morningstar, in an update following GE’s announcement. Just like GE, Cat understands that desperate times call for desperate measures. Between 2010 and 2016, the maker of heavy manufacturing equipment and construction vehicles suffered a 40 percent sales and revenue decline — an unprecedented tumble for the 92-year-old Cat. The free-fall compelled the executive brass in late 2015 to initiate its mass restructuring that centered on a $1.5 billion cost reduction plan. Cat also sought to use the revamp as a means of forging a different corporate culture, one that was more growth-oriented and better poised to take advantage of the homebuilding and infrastructure revival underway overseas and throughout North America. So far, Cat’s business comeback is on track. Its workforce has declined by at least 16,000, some 30 facilities have been closed or consolidated; and it may exceed the $1.5 billion in cost cuts, according to the company. In the third quarter, Cat said it expects 2017 sales and revenue of $44 billion, up from its earlier quarterly forecast of $42 billion to $44 billion. Cat also expects annual adjusted earnings of $6.25 per share, up from the $5 previously forecast. While those who have lost their jobs are bearing the brunt of Cat’s changes, the results and projections are exceeding Wall Street’s expectations. Cat stock is trading around $134 per share, compared to $94 per share about a year ago. Right now, GE can only dream of such a lofty improvement. The company’s stock is hovering at around $18 per share, down from just over $20 per share at the time of Flannery’s Monday announcement, which included a steep 50 percent dividend cut. A year ago, GE was trading at $30 per share. Wall Street wags, who have been waiting a long time for a GE turnaround, are openly wondering if Flannery is cutting enough. Some question if the company’s three remaining industry segments —aviation, health care and power—can become a big money-making operation. Flannery has asked investors to be patient because his plan will take a few years. Frustrated shareholders may be too rough on Flannery, a GE veteran with ample corporate reorganization experience, who seems ready to do what’s necessary to revive the company. After all, GE is spinning off some sacred properties, including the signature lighting division that inventor Thomas Edison developed to help start the company more than 125 years ago. Caterpillar also turned a page on its history by deciding to relocate its longtime headquarters from Peoria to Deerfield, which will be completely operational by mid-2018. Yes, large manufacturing revivals are difficult and tricky. But Cat is showing GE that there is a way to bring good things to life. roreed@chicagotribune.com Twitter @ReedTribBiz 

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-14/ge-past-lingers-with-ceo-flannery-s-mixed-messages

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 It&apos;s in with the new, but only kind-of-sort-of out with the old at GE. And that pitch just isn&apos;t working for CEO John Flannery. A day after presenting an underwhelming revival plan that&apos;s largely premised on a multi-year grind through cost cuts and tough earnings challenges, Flannery went on CNBC on Tuesday morning to take a second stab at the messaging around his efforts. I don&apos;t think he did much to help his cause; shares of General Electric Co. started dropping precipitously during the interview and were down about 7.3 percent as of 12:45 p.m. in New York. That&apos;s after a 7.2 percent slide yesterday. There are a number of things you could pick apart from the interview, but for now, we&apos;re going to focus on Flannery&apos;s commitment to keeping GE&apos;s lead board director, Jack Brennan, in his role. Brennan&apos;s status is apparently not up for debate -- "it&apos;s not a possibility" -- even as Flannery seeks to refresh and resize the board down to 12 directors from the current 18. Brennan has served on GE&apos;s board since 2012 and he&apos;s been lead director since 2014. He served on GE&apos;s governance committee, and chaired its management development and compensation committee. That means he was directly involved in overseeing -- and richly rewarding -- the top executives responsible for the dire straits in which GE now finds itself. The company&apos;s market value is now nearly $60 billion lower than the day Brennan was elected to the board, and yet, according to Flannery, he has a "tremendous track record." Brennan is also chairman emeritus of Vanguard Group Inc., where he served as CEO for over a decade. You don&apos;t get those jobs by being ineffectual, and he may have valuable insights as to how to get GE back on track. But that still doesn&apos;t excuse the absence of more decisive board action earlier on, before GE&apos;s problems got so big. If you are going to reset the direction of the company, it is jarring to keep the lead director that oversaw the old direction. The kind of dramatic evolution Flannery is attempting is an all-or-nothing game.  The net of this is that Flannery seems to be attempting to strike a balance between a top-to-bottom rethinking of GE&apos;s very identity and purpose, and a loyalty to the culture that fostered his career, the businesses he ran and the colleagues he&apos;s worked with for years. It&apos;s a weird dynamic. Flannery admitted on CNBC that the $10.6 billion purchase of Alstom SA&apos;s energy assets he oversaw "in total, has been a disappointment." And yet, he still believes the problems in GE&apos;s power business are fixable and it should remain within the conglomerate. He&apos;s attempting to simplify GE&apos;s reporting metrics, but what we got Monday are figures that are just as twisty and in some ways even more convoluted than before. Much of the old guard is out, from CEO Jeff Immelt to CFO Jeff Bornstein to power-division leader Steve Bolze. But among their replacements the biggest "outsider" is CFO Jamie Miller, and she&apos;s been with the company since 2008. Russell Stokes, who now runs power, has been with GE for 20 years. And Flannery himself is a 30-year veteran. Flannery appears to genuinely mean it when he talks about a full-scale rethinking of GE&apos;s culture, and many of his changes have been positive, including increasing the equity component of executives&apos; compensation. But the more legacies he holds on to, the longer he will be haunted by the ghosts of GE&apos;s past. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-biz-ge-transportation-20171113-story.html

General Electric is looking to shed its Chicago-based transportation division within two years as part of a broader streamlining of the slumping industrial giant. The announcement, delivered by new CEO John Flannery at an investor conference Monday, would end the longtime ownership of one GE’s core assets. The transportation division has been a leader in building passenger and freight locomotives for more than a century. The transportation division, which also supplies the mining, marine and other industries, moved its headquarters from Erie, Pa., to Chicago in 2012 and has about 10,000 employees worldwide. Flannery, a 30-year company veteran who formerly ran GE Healthcare, said the road ahead for transportation was less promising than other businesses owned by GE. “We foresee a protracted slowdown,” Flannery said. “We think it’s going to be an extended slow period in North America.” Boston-based GE, which as of last year had about 2,000 employees in the Chicago area, is looking to part ways with $20 billion in assets and focus on better-performing segments on the heels of disappointing third-quarter earnings and a sharp decline in the company’s valuation this year. GE also is looking to divest  its lighting division, the idea that brought the company, founded 125 years ago by inventor Thomas Edison, to life. Flannery said the segments would be “monetized” to provide maximum return to shareholders. “We are exploring the options that we have with these assets,” Flannery said. “That may be a sale; that may be a spin.” Going forward, GE plans to focus on better-performing segments including aviation and health care to form a less-complex, and hopefully more profitable, conglomerate. Part of that process includes unloading some of its iconic divisions that no longer fit in its plans. “We’re not under duress to do this,” Flannery said. “This is about focus, this is about a simpler company — making it less complex — and we’re going to maximize the value of those assets over a couple of years.”  Flannery took the helm of GE Healthcare in 2014 and is credited with turning around the division, which provides medical technology systems. He said “many people wanted to sell it” before its fortunes improved under his leadership, and he reiterated that the business, which has a significant presence in Chicago, remains  an integral part of the company’s future. “There’s good global growth in health care and there’s a lot of opportunity … in our life science business,” Flannery said. Last year, Chicago missed out on a bid to lure GE’s corporate headquarters, which instead moved from Fairfield, Conn., to a new home in Boston. Chicago did get a consolation prize — the announced influx of 100 tech jobs for GE Transportation’s digital solutions business at its 500 W. Monroe St. headquarters. In February, GE Healthcare announced it was moving hundreds of technology jobs from northwest suburban Barrington to the same Chicago office, where 600 employees from both the transportation and health divisions work. GE is in the early stages of the divestment process and exploring a “multitude of possibilities” for the transportation business, according to a statement Monday. “The transportation business remains committed to building on its strong culture of innovation, deep domain, world-class technology and digital solutions in a way that best positions the business for growth,” GE Transportation said. The move to shed transportation and lighting would not be the first time GE has jettisoned a signature division in a bid to streamline its diverse portfolio. In 2011, GE sold a majority stake in NBCUniversal to cable giant Comcast, which bought the rest of the television network two years later. In addition to the planned divestitures, GE also announced Monday it was cutting its quarterly dividend in half, reducing it from 24 cents to 12 cents a share. GE shares dropped more than 7 percent Monday to close at $19.02. rchannick@chicagotribune.com Twitter @RobertChannick 

http://www.worldoil.com/news/2017/11/15/ges-back-to-back-drop-is-worst-since-2009-turnaround-planned

NEW YORK (Bloomberg) -- General Electric Co.’s stock plunge deepened as its top leaders failed to soothe shareholder concerns about the turnaround plan for the beleaguered icon of American business. CEO John Flannery acknowledged that it’s “show-me-time” for investors as the company seeks to show concrete results from the overhaul he outlined a day ago. In an interview Tuesday on CNBC, he said he wasn’t surprised by the negative stock reaction after “we disappointed people with some tough news,” including a dividend cut and a lower 2018 earnings forecast. Flannery plans to focus GE on three businesses -- power, aviation and health-care equipment -- while exiting others that have long defined the 125-year-old manufacturer. The highly anticipated strategy stopped short of a full-scale breakup or other radical change, leaving investors to question how quickly GE can recover from problems such as a slowdown in the power-generation market. “There’s a big challenge ahead of GE,” said Scott Lawson, vice president at Westwood Holdings Group Inc., which sold most of its GE shares earlier this year. After Monday’s presentation, “you really have no reason to change your outlook on the business.” The shares sank 5.9% to $17.90 at the close in New York, capping the worst two-day decline since March 2009. The stock price is at its lowest level in almost six years. GE on Monday said it would explore options to get out of industries such as lighting and locomotive-manufacturing, while also weighing an exit of its stake in Baker Hughes, a provider of oil-field equipment and services. GE will retain businesses that accounted for about 80% of revenue last year. The company also cut its quarterly dividend in half -- to 12 cents a share -- and dramatically lowered per-share profit expectations for next year from the $2 target it has discussed since 2015. Under GE’s new forecast, earnings will be $1 to $1.07 a share in 2018, which Flannery called a “reset” year. Protracted turnaround “The company’s turnaround will now be more protracted than previously anticipated,” Deane Dray, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, said in a note. He cut his rating on GE Tuesday to sector perform and reduced the share-price target to $20 from $25. “The bottom line is that Mr. Flannery’s plan fell short of the sweeping reset that investors were looking for,” he said. CFO Jamie Miller made a case for GE’s prospects during a presentation Tuesday at a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. conference. Flannery plans to continue the Wall Street appeal Wednesday at a UBS Group AG event. Legacy issues with pension and insurance operations could continue to weigh on the company as it deals with challenges in the power market, according to Jeff Sprague, an analyst at Vertical Research Partners. With little hope of a near-term rebound, investors could be in for a “slow grind,” he said in a note to clients. “We believe GE has set a plausible guidance framework for 2018, but are not confident there is a strong growth outlook off the new base,” wrote Sprague, who cut his price target to $18 from $20. “Power markets will likely remain challenged through the end of the decade. Aviation looks strong, but is in a 10-year upcycle that won’t run forever, and Healthcare just plods along.” Connect with World Oil Sign-up for World Oil Daily News All material subject to strictly enforced copyright laws Please read our Terms & Conditions, Cookies Policy and Privacy Policy before using the site. 

http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/GE-s-Flannery-making-GE-leaner-exiting-lighting-12352695.php

By Larry Rulison Caption Close 1907 panoramic view of General Electric Co. Schenectady Works, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) 1907 panoramic view of General Electric Co. Schenectady Works, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wooden barge tied up at the Schenectady Barge Terminal, 1941, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wooden barge tied up at the Schenectady Barge Terminal, 1941, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) In 1943, boys and girls kept their bikes in separate courts at Oneida School, Schenectady, N.Y., in this photo by Philip Bonn. (Library of Congress) In 1943, boys and girls kept their bikes in separate courts at Oneida School, Schenectady, N.Y., in this photo by Philip Bonn. (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) General Electric turbine plant, Schenectady, NY, 1949. (Library of Congress) General Electric turbine plant, Schenectady, NY, 1949. (Library of Congress) Ladies room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Ladies room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Executive office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Executive office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Conference room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Conference room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General Engineering Office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General Engineering Office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General offices, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General offices, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Window panel, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Window panel, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wing, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wing, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Corridor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Corridor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) East facade, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) East facade, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Street-level view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Street-level view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Small door, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Small door, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of the back of the Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of the back of the Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of east and south elevations, Schenectady City Hall, 100 Jay St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of east and south elevations, Schenectady City Hall, 100 Jay St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Schenectady General Electric Co. CEO John Flannery says GE Power can stay, but it needs to slash its budget by $1 billion. Flannery, who replaced Jeff Immelt as GE's leader over the summer, laid out his highly-anticipated vision for the company on Monday in a meeting with analysts that lasted nearly three hours. As expected, Flannery said that GE would exit businesses such as lighting and locomotives while it focuses on core businesses such as aviation, health care and its power plant business, known as GE Power. That's good news for downtown Schenectady, where GE has its power business headquarters and employs roughly 4,000 people. It's also good for the additional 2,000 people that work for GE Global Research in Niskayuna. Flannery praised the Niskayuna lab in his remarks Thursday and just said that GE is looking to close some foreign labs, but Niskayuna will remain open. Local officials praised Flannery's remarks, noting that he reaffirmed the importance of GE's local operations. "GE's investor presentation today affirmed the important role played by GE's Global Research Center in Niskayuna and the fact that GE Power is an integral part of the company," Ray Gillen, chair of the Schenectady County Metroplex Development Authority said Monday. "Power is one of three core businesses that the company is focused on moving forward. While GE Power is facing a challenging global environment, today's presentation reaffirmed GE's commitment to being a world leader in the power business building on the fact that 30 percent of the world's electricity supply is produced by turbines and generators built by the company." But the good news was also tempered by the news that Flannery wants to cut $1 billion in annual expenses from GE Power, a move that could spell job cuts in Schenectady, although the company has declined to provide any specific details on how the cost-cutting would be executed. Flannery has not hidden his disappointment with GE Power, which posted disappointing third quarter results that dragged down GE's overall earnings during the period and continued years of disappointing performance by GE's stock. "We have not performed well for our owners," Flannery said during the analyst meeting, held in New York City. "That is unacceptable." Just a few hours before Flannery made his remarks, he also cut GE's dividend paid to stockholders in half, dropping it to 12 cents per share from 24 cents. "We understand the importance of this decision to our shareowners and we have not made it lightly," Flannery said when he announced the dividend cut. "We are focused on driving total shareholder return and believe this is the right decision to align our dividend payout to cash flow generation." During the third quarter, GE Power's revenue dropped 4 percent to $8.7 billion, and its operating profit was down 51 percent to $611 million as GE overall saw its profits drop 10 percent. Flannery blamed the drop on poor execution and a buildup of excess inventory from overly optimistic sales projections. As a result, GE Power CEO Russell Stokes is tasked with cutting $1 billion from GE Power's annual expenses. Stokes, who is based in Atlanta, said some of the problems at GE Power had to do with GE's previous projections of capacity payments that power plants earn to have readily available electricity to send onto the grid. Because of that, fewer power plant owners are paying for upgrades to power plants that GE provides. "The U.S. market is clearly softer than we (anticipated)," Stokes said. Flannery's announcement on the dividend cut and his vision for GE's future rattled Wall Street and sent investors scrambling for the exits. Shares of GE (GE:NYSE) fell $1.47, or 7.17 percent, to $19.02 a share, a five-year low for the company that has already been dogged by complaints about its sagging stock price.         

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-13/ge-dividend-cut-is-a-bang-reboot-is-more-of-a-whimper

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 General Electric Co. may have a new leader, but the pattern of over-promising and under-delivering is the same. CEO John Flannery hosted an investor meeting in New York today to lay out his plan for digging the industrial giant out of its current cultural and cash crisis. Nov. 13 has been circled on investors&apos; calendars for months and the hype only grew after GE&apos;s dismal earnings report last month. GE Investor Meeting Summation Meh Until now, Flannery had held off on concrete details but said all the right things, promising that "no stone has been left unturned" in an "exhaustive" review. Even as GE&apos;s shares plunged, some investors were hopeful that we might finally see some radical thinking at GE. It wasn&apos;t to be. GE kicked off the morning by announcing a 50 percent cut to its quarterly dividend, a major, if necessary, step for a company that prides itself on the payout and caters to a large number of individual investors. Looking at GE&apos;s projected 2018 numbers released just a few hours later, however, it&apos;s not clear the company cut deep enough. The reduced dividend still costs about $4 billion annually. And while GE&apos;s targeting $6 billion to $7 billion in industrial free cash flow next year, that&apos;s based on a "cherry-picked definition", says Cowen & Co.&apos;s Gautam Khanna. The real number appears to be close to zero if you account for pension and capital expenditures as other industrial companies would, he says.  This is bad. For one, it means GE&apos;s dividend will still soak up a lot of its cash. Its payout ratio will continue to rank near the top for high-grade industrials. And while the company is aiming to simplify its convoluted reporting metrics, it&apos;s still relying on a number of puts and takes that make it harder to discern the true health of its businesses.  Starting in 2018, the company plans to ditch its "industrial operating plus verticals EPS" metric and shift to a benchmark of continuing EPS excluding gains, restructuring costs and non-operating pension expense.  Its decision to still exclude pension commitments will still stand out for some investors as many industrials include the expense. And about that "exhaustive" review of GE&apos;s portfolio -- it was kind of a dud. Flannery called out GE&apos;s transportation, lighting and industrial-solutions operations as divestiture candidates. Well that&apos;s good news, seeing as GE already agreed earlier this year to sell its industrial-solutions business to ABB Ltd. for $2.6 billion. The lighting unit has also reportedly been on the block for quite a while now, and every GE follower had transportation on their divestiture bingo cards. Flannery did mention 10-plus "other" transactions, but those are likely to be small carve-outs within businesses.     Basically, this is about what was expected when GE highlighted $20 billion of asset sales on the third-quarter earnings call, and it&apos;s no game changer. There is "optionality" with the publicly traded combination of its energy assets with Baker Hughes Inc., Flannery said. That could include GE winding down its 62.5 percent stake in the company. This is new-ish for GE, but not unexpected and the company will have to sit on the stake a bit longer to get a good price. Flannery is making some long-overdue cultural changes, including reducing GE&apos;s 18-member board to 12 directors, three of whom will be new. But it&apos;s going to take time for this renewed focus on accountability to hit the bottom line, particularly as GE&apos;s power unit continues to slog through slumping demand. And Flannery&apos;s plan for the meantime is in some ways just an echo of what we&apos;d previously heard from his predecessor Jeff Immelt: asset sales and cost cuts to help the strength of the underlying businesses shine through. It&apos;s now obvious to everyone that Immelt didn&apos;t actually do particularly well as far as executing on that strategy. If Flannery can do a better job, perhaps that will be enough to stop the stock&apos;s free fall. He, like Immelt, seems convinced that GE&apos;s main businesses all add value and it&apos;s worth keeping them in  a conglomerate structure. But they&apos;re increasingly in the minority. Flannery missed an opportunity to dramatically remake GE through a full-scale breakup, and at best, that positions the company for a tough grind through years of weak earnings.  There&apos;s nothing radical about that. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 GE has taken out $6 billion of debt to prepay its pension through 2020. To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/13/business/ge-dividend-flannery.html

By STEVE LOHRNOV. 13, 2017
 John Flannery, the new chief of General Electric, is backing away from the ambitious designs of his two predecessors, who steered the corporate giant and its conglomerate-style empire building for more than three decades. Mr. Flannery, who became chief executive in August, left no doubt on Monday that the conglomerate era is long gone. The new G.E., he declared repeatedly in his first detailed presentation on its future, will be a smaller company with fewer businesses. The operations up for sale include businesses that reach back to the days of G.E.’s founder Thomas Edison, like light bulbs and railroad locomotives. More than $20 billion in assets are earmarked for sale in the next couple of years. In addition, to help pay for the remaking of the company, G.E. announced on Monday that it would cut its dividend, only the second time it has done so since the Great Depression. The quarterly payout will be sliced in half, to 12 cents a share. Advertisement The goal is to make G.E. “simpler and easier to operate,” Mr. Flannery said. “Complexity has hurt us.” Advertisement That complexity was long a part of the company’s pitch to investors. Past executives like Jack Welch argued that they could efficiently manage businesses that had little in common, like television, with NBC, and financial services. Other companies followed that thinking as well, leading to a wave of deal-making. The streamlining began under Jeffrey R. Immelt, who led G.E. for 16 years after Mr. Welch retired in 2001. Mr. Immelt’s goal for G.E. was to create an industrial company for the internet age, adding software and sensors to industrial equipment to make “smart” machines. It was a bold plan, and Mr. Immelt once predicted that G.E. would become “a Top 10 software company” by 2020. No more. While the digital strategy is still vital to G.E., Mr. Flannery said he was cutting that unit’s spending by $400 million in 2018, and focusing on a few products. Even the G.E. board of directors is being reduced, to 12 members from 18. Three of the dozen will be new directors. Mr. Flannery, 56, sought to portray the path ahead not as a retreat but as an inspiring challenge. “This is the opportunity of a lifetime to reinvent an iconic company,” he said. Still, the hoped-for reinvention, even if successful, is going to take time. G.E. lowered its earnings target for next year and reiterated that 2018 would be a “reset year.” And the outlook for 2019, while improving, is expected to be challenging as well for its big power-turbine business, which fell off sharply this year. It will also change the complexion of the company. G.E., the country’s largest manufacturing company, had nearly 300,000 employees worldwide at the end of last year. The impending sales of several businesses and other cost-cutting initiatives will undoubtedly leave it with far fewer in the coming years, in more focused areas. Advertisement “John Flannery is generally saying and doing the right things,” said Scott Davis, chief executive of Melius Research, an independent financial analysis firm. “But I was looking for more — faster and more aggressive moves, both on cost-cutting and thinning the portfolio of businesses.” Concerns about the pace of change and the dividend cut sent G.E. shares, which had already dropped by 35 percent this year through Friday, down more than 7 percent on Monday. Mr. Flannery had previously given broad outlines of his strategy, including that the company would shed at least $20 billion in assets over the next two years. What came on Monday were details that confirmed a shortlist of businesses that are up for sale, like lighting, which has quietly been on sale for months. He also emphasized his belief in the vitality of a smaller G.E., and nodded to products like electric generators, jet engines and medical-imaging equipment. Because of those products, Mr. Flannery said, the company will continue to “power the world,” “transport people safely” and “save lives.” He also described other parts of the businesses as “fundamentally strong,” including wind turbines for renewable energy, and the company’s railroad-equipment unit, which is expected to be sold off.  Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. View all New York Times newsletters. Mr. Flannery’s strategy will accelerate the streamlining job begun by his immediate predecessor. Mr. Immelt described the company he inherited as a “classic conglomerate.” During his tenure, G.E. sold off its media business, NBC Universal, to Comcast and its consumer appliance business, among others. But the biggest move was to shed nearly all of the company’s finance arm, GE Capital. At its peak, the finance unit accounted for more than half of the company’s profits, and its lending ranged from home mortgages in Japan to reinsurance for long-term care for the aged. Mr. Flannery has attacked expenses, and he spoke repeatedly on Monday about injecting more “rigor and accountability” into the G.E. culture. Mr. Immelt departed earlier than expected as chief executive after Trian Fund Management, an activist hedge fund, persistently pressured G.E. to improve its financial performance. Edward Garden of Trian joined the G.E. board last month. To link management behavior more tightly to financial performance, Mr. Flannery is changing the compensation program for G.E.’s top 5,000 managers. The current plan, he explained, is about 70 percent in cash and the remainder in stock. The new plan, he added, will flip that ratio, with 70 percent of compensation in stock. Advertisement His own pay package, Mr. Flannery said, will be 100 percent in stock, with the amount of shares determined by the performance of the company. Since becoming chief executive, Mr. Flannery has grounded the corporate jet fleet, stretched out the construction schedule for G.E.’s new headquarters in Boston, closed down several international research-and-development labs and trimmed the work force in units like GE Digital. GE Digital, Mr. Flannery said, “continues to be vital to the company.” But its spending will be trimmed sharply as it concentrates on a narrower set of products that improve the efficiency and performance of G.E.’s industrial equipment. G.E. last cut its dividend in 2009 in the throes of the financial crisis, when it was the nation’s largest non-bank financial institution. The move announced on Monday reflects the company’s declining cash flow, but it is also a byproduct of the streamlining strategy. In the future, there will be fewer businesses to put cash in the corporate till. The total dividend payout had been $8.4 billion a year, among the most costly for American corporations. But the cash flow to cover that bill has faltered. When G.E. reported its third-quarter earnings last month, it said cash flow for the year would be about $7 billion, down from an initial target of $12 billion to $14 billion. The 12-cent quarterly dividend will consume only $4.2 billion. Mr. Flannery acknowledged “the gravity of this decision,” especially for individual shareholders who rely on dividend income. But it is necessary, he said, to “restore the oxygen of cash to the company.” An earlier version of this article misstated the age of John Flannery, General Electric’s new chief executive. He is 56, not 55. A version of this article appears in print on November 14, 2017, on Page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: G.E., Determined to Shrink, Turns Its Paring Knife on a Sacred Cow.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe

 We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. 

http://www.businessinsider.com/general-electric-stock-price-turnaround-plan-reaction-2017-11

 Â  Shares of General Electric areÂ seeing follow-through selling on Tuesday, trading down 4.26% atÂ $18.21 a piece. The losses come after shares tumbled more than 7% on Monday in response to the company'sÂ turnaround plan. CEO John Flannery doesn't seem to be too worriedÂ about the selling on Wall Street.Â  "I'm not trying to run the company for the reaction on Monday and Tuesday or Wednesday of this week," he told CNBC's Squawk on the Street. "We have a long-term plan." GE announced it was slashing its dividend by 50% and implementing other cost-cutting measures to turn things around. Shares had slumped about 35% this year before Monday's slide.Â More than $100Â billion in market value has been wiped out this year. Â  In addition to its cost-cutting measures, GE forecastÂ full-year 2018 adjusted earnings of $1 to $1.07 a share, well below the $1.18 that Wall Street was expecting. It also saidÂ it expects revenue growth of 0% to 3% in 2018 and that it will target 2% to 4% long-term organic revenue growth. The plan has received a lukewarm reception on Wall Street with RBC downgrading GE shares following the plan's release.Â Â  Flannery says investors should invest in the future of the company.Â  "I would say the outlook for the company over three to five years, what we laid out, growing cash and earnings in three to five years, that's what someone should buy," Flannery added. "So is it going to be immediate, is it going to happen in two months, four months, six months? No, there are operational things we need to change in the company." Get the latest General Electric stock price here. 

http://host.madison.com/business/investment/markets-and-stocks/is-it-time-to-buy-general-electric-company-stock/article_3562470e-a3fd-5089-865c-ec6c52cf1b12.html

On Monday, U.S. industrial giant General Electric (NYSE: GE) held an investor day event at which new CEO John Flannery unveiled his strategy for the company. The stakes were high, as GE released a terrible earnings report last month and slashed its 2017 EPS forecast. Indeed, the average analyst EPS estimate for 2017 has plunged from $1.53 to $1.08 in the last 30 days. However, investors didn't take kindly to what Flannery had to say on Monday, especially his decision to slash GE's dividend by 50%. As a result, General Electric stock fell 13% in the first two days of this week, leaving it 45% below its 52-week high. After this big tumble, General Electric stock is starting to look like an interesting long-term investment opportunity. General Electric is one of the last big conglomerates in the U.S. Recently, its complexity has been a problem. The company has allowed problems to fester in many of its businesses because management's attention has been spread too thin. Flannery intends to fix this issue by narrowing GE's focus. Right now, the company reports revenue and profit from seven different segments, excluding its GE Capital financing business. These are: Power, Renewable Energy, Oil & Gas, Aviation, Healthcare, Transportation, and Lighting. Going forward, Flannery wants GE to focus on the power (including renewables), aviation, and healthcare markets. Power will be one of GE's three main businesses going forward. Image source: General Electric. To execute this shift, General Electric is planning for roughly $20 billion of divestitures over the next year or two. This will include the entire transportation and lighting businesses, along with pieces of other business segments. Additionally, GE will eventually exit its investment in Baker Hughes, a GE Company (NYSE: BHGE), which was formed just a few months ago from the merger of GE's oil and gas business with Baker Hughes. However, GE isn't allowed to sell its 62.5% stake in the "new" Baker Hughes until at least July 2019, so this part of its business will stay put for now. The planned divestitures will enable management to devote its full attention to Flannery's stated priorities of free cash flow production and capital allocation. If these efforts succeed, GE should return to solid earnings growth after 2018. While retail investors were particularly upset by GE's deep dividend cut, Wall Street analysts had other gripes about the turnaround plan presented on Monday. First, some analysts had been calling for a full break-up of General Electric. However, while the company is slimming down, at the end of the day, it will still be a conglomerate. This led some analysts to conclude that GE isn't being bold enough in reinventing itself. Second, several analysts were disappointed by GE's cost-cutting targets. Given the depth of problems in the power segment in particular, the target of removing $1 billion of structural costs from the power business in 2018 seems insufficient. Third, even after falling 45% from its 52-week high, General Electric stock isn't especially cheap. For 2018, the company expects to generate adjusted EPS of $1.00-$1.07. Based on its Tuesday closing price of $17.90, GE stock trades for about 17 times forward earnings. Despite these disappointments, there is one major reason for optimism: General Electric's two best-performing businesses are growing in importance to the company. In a slimmed-down version of GE, they would shine through even more. The smaller of these is the healthcare unit. Flannery himself turned GE's healthcare division around a few years ago, and it is now delivering steady revenue and profit growth. During the first nine months of 2017, its segment profit rose 7% year over year to $2.29 billion. GE's best business of all is its aviation division. GE, including its joint venture CFM International, is the largest jet engine manufacturer in the world. This is a growing business, thanks to rising global demand for air travel and GE's cozy relationship with Boeing (NYSE: BA). GE engines will power Boeing's next-generation 777X, and roughly 65% of buyers for the 787 Dreamliner are choosing the GE engine option for that plane. A planned increase in the Boeing 787 production rate and growth of the installed base (which drives high-margin service revenue) will support growth in this wholly owned business over the next few years. The CFM joint venture business is even more promising. Its new LEAP engine is the exclusive powerplant for Boeing's 737 MAX and has more than 50% market share on Airbus' competing A320neo. The result is a backlog of roughly 14,000 LEAP engine orders that is still growing. This virtually guarantees a long period of growth, with engine production ramping up over the next few years and service revenue following thereafter. Strong demand for the 737 MAX is boosting GE's aircraft engine sales. Image source: Boeing. Year to date, the aviation business has posted a segment profit of $4.86 billion, up 11% year over year. GE expects the division's operating profit to grow by 7% to 10% in 2018. Last quarter, aviation and healthcare together drove 69% of GE's industrial segment profit, up from 61% in the first half of 2017. Excluding businesses that will be divested, that number would have been close to 75% in Q3. Thus, the healthiest parts of GE are quickly becoming its main profit drivers, which bodes well for an eventual return to profit growth for the company. Even if the aviation and healthcare businesses continue to grow steadily, GE's turnaround will take time. Flannery believes GE will be able to improve the power business significantly in the next year or two, but a full turnaround will take longer. In the meantime, segment profit for GE Power is expected to fall by another 25% in 2018 as the company cuts production to align with the current demand environment. However, from that lower 2018 baseline, GE will be well positioned for long-term earnings growth driven by the secular tailwinds supporting its aviation and healthcare segments. Margin improvement in the power business -- whenever it comes -- will just be icing on the cake. GE will also be able to improve its balance sheet with the proceeds from its asset sales. If it sells off its Baker Hughes stake in a few years, that will bring in an additional windfall. Right now, GE's portion of Baker Hughes is worth more than $20 billion, but with oil prices on the rise and merger synergies on the way, that value could increase significantly. General Electric stock could recover much of its recent losses over the next few years if GE gets earnings growing again as expected. As a result, I am strongly considering adding the stock to my portfolio. General Electric shares will likely remain volatile as investors continue to digest management's turnaround plan, so this stock is a prime candidate for "averaging in": i.e., buying shares in smaller chunks over a period of several months. 10 stocks we like better than General Electric When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and General Electric wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 6, 2017 Adam Levine-Weinberg has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.  More from madison.com partners 

