https://investorplace.com/2017/11/micron-technology-inc-mu-stock-can-go-higher/

Previously ridiculed, the vast technology sector is currently enjoying a renaissance. Over the last two years, companies like Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) have emerged as market favorites. Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) in particular benefited strongly from the shift in sentiment. After a disastrous 2015, MU stock has a great chance of securing triple-digit returns in 2017. At the same time, investors undoubtedly have concerns about moving too far for too long. Last year, the MU stock price gained 53%. Not only are shares on pace to double that return, since the second half of this year, MU gained 52%. Arguably, in the absence of truly remarkable Micron Technology news, the current rally may seem suspect to some. Moreover, the tech sector overall is overheated. The benchmark exchange-traded fund Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLK) is well into overbought territory, which could spark individual corrections. A prime example is AMD, which started the year strongly but is currently down 2%. From a trading standpoint, anything is possible. However, the primary difference between MU stock and lesser names is that Micron is a classic case of a good company falling into rough circumstances. Across the board, its financials are rock solid. However, in certain critical metrics, such as profitability margins, MU is among the leaders in the global semiconductor industry. These aren’t just fluff numbers, as InvestorPlace writer Tom Taulli asserts. He writes: “Even with the run-up in MU stock, the valuation remains fairly cheap. Consider that the forward price-to-earnings ratio is only about 6.6X.  Perhaps this is why notable value investors have been buying up shares in MU stock, such as Greenlight Capital’s David Einhorn.” I’m not the biggest fan of the P/E ratio, due to it being misunderstood. Still, the entire context makes Micron believable. Of course, without a substantive catalyst for future growth, investors risk holding a worthless bag. In addition, InvestorPlace writer James Brumley notes that the memory card sector has endured multiple boom-bust cycles. Obviously, it’s critical for new buyers that for where the MU stock price is now, the industry doesn’t face another one of these cycles. But catching up on the latest Micron Technology news, the growth argument is very much real. In the second quarter of this year, the company hauled in $925 million from its mobile DRAM business. This represented a significant leap over its Q2 2016 total, which registered $449 million. In fact, going back to at least Q1 2012, this is an all-time record for MU. More significantly, the mobile DRAM sales as a whole more than tripled over the past five years. In other words, the MU stock price is benefitting from a rising tide lifting all boats. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/micron-technology-inc-mu-stock-can-go-higher/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.nystocknews.com/2017/11/15/should-you-invest-in-micron-technology-inc-mu-a-look-at-the-insider-trends/

The price of Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) over the past year has increased 158.61% while the S&P 500 has increased 18.99%. During the past 20 days, MU has increased 13.39% while the broad market has increased 0.88%. MU ‘s 20-day moving average currently sits below its 100-day moving average. This is a bearish signal that suggests the stock price might have farther to fall. MU’s average trading volume during the past 20 days is lower than the average volume over the past 100 days, which could be an indication that investors are feeling less certain than usual about the direction of MU’s future price movements. Recent trading patterns in the stock of Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) have investors on high alert. Traders use price and volume data to predict performance and time their positions. In the case of MU, the data could have some important implications for future performance. In the most recent quarter, institutional ownership increased by a net of 21.17 million shares, or 2.35%.This is a bullish sign and indicates that institutions are feeling more optimistic about the outlook for MU overall.401 holders increased their positions, 335 decreased their positions, and 66 holders held their positions. Among institutions that increased their positions, 106 were new positions. Among holders that decreased their positions, 67 sold out of the stock Micron Technology, Inc.. Insider ownership during the latest quarter increased by a net of 66168 shares, indicating that MU’s key executives are feeling more bullish about the stock than they did three months ago. 15 or 32.61% of the trades during the past quarter were buys, and 31 or 67.39% were sells. Insider ownership during the last year has decreased by a net of 420187 shares. 22.22% of insider trades in the last 12 months were buys, and 77.78% were sells. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) has a 20-day RSI of 70.15%. According to this momentum indicator, a reading above 70 suggests the stock is entering overbought territory and that the recent uptrend may be about to reverse. The MACD tells a similair story. MU’s 9-day MACD currently sits below the 20-day MACD, indicating that MU’s upside momentum has decreased during the last three weeks. This suggests that the trend might soon reverse. MU’s average trading volatility during the past few weeks is -16.3% lower than the average volatility over the past 100 days. This means that the stock’s daily price swings have been less extreme in recent times compared to the past. Analysts expect Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) to generate earnings per share of $7.42 in 2017. This works out to an increase of 68.25% compared to last year’s earnings. For comparison’s sake, analysts expect the S&P 500 to grow earnings by an average of 12% in 2017. The average investment rating for MU on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong sell and 5 being a strong buy) is a 4.70 or a Moderate Buy. Three months ago, analysts assigned MU a 4.71 rating, which implies that analysts have become more pessimistic about the outlook for the stock over the next year. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   

https://stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/14/micron-technology-inc-mu-from-top-to-bottom-12/

Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Semiconductor- Memory Chips. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $45.60, up from yesterday’s close by 1.83%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis It’s important to get a feel for how any stock is actually valued on the market based on its core numbers. Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) currently trades with a market capitalization of $51.09 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 90.80 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For MU, the company currently has $4.63 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $1.26 Billion current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $3.43 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to fall in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $2.18 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 81.08% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis As most professionals know, technical analysis can offer critical insights into what smart money and insiders think about a stock’s prospects going forward. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Micron Technology, Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $45.33. It is now trading -0.27% off that level. The stock is trading $39.28 its 50-day moving average by -6.32%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $16.90. In recent action, Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) has made a move of +9.91% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.32, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 4.79% with $1.10 Billion sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of MU. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/15/first-personal-financial-services-raises-stake-in-micron-technology-inc-mu.html


					Posted by Joyce Ramirez on Nov 15th, 2017 // No Comments  First Personal Financial Services boosted its stake in  Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) by 210.3% during the 3rd quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 13,138 shares of the semiconductor manufacturer’s stock after buying an additional 8,904 shares during the quarter. First Personal Financial Services’ holdings in Micron Technology were worth $517,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.  A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in MU. Captrust Financial Advisors acquired a new position in  Micron Technology in the second quarter worth $107,000.  Shine Investment Advisory Services Inc. acquired a new position in  Micron Technology in the second quarter worth $141,000.  Krilogy Financial LLC boosted its stake in  Micron Technology by 1,087.5% in the second quarter. Krilogy Financial LLC now owns 4,750 shares of the semiconductor manufacturer’s stock worth $142,000 after purchasing an additional 4,350 shares in the last quarter.  MPS Loria Financial Planners LLC acquired a new position in  Micron Technology in the second quarter worth $142,000.  Finally, FNY Managed Accounts LLC boosted its stake in  Micron Technology by 478.0% in the second quarter. FNY Managed Accounts LLC now owns 5,000 shares of the semiconductor manufacturer’s stock worth $149,000 after purchasing an additional 4,135 shares in the last quarter. 75.45% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Shares Bought by First Personal Financial Services” was  published by The Ledger Gazette and is the property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/15/first-personal-financial-services-raises-stake-in-micron-technology-inc-mu.html.  MU has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Deutsche Bank AG  restated a “buy” rating and set a $42.00 target price (up previously from $37.00) on shares of Micron Technology in a research report on Wednesday, September 20th. Needham & Company LLC  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Micron Technology in a research report on Wednesday, September 27th. Morgan Stanley  restated an “overweight” rating and set a $36.00 target price on shares of Micron Technology in a research report on Monday, August 14th. J P Morgan Chase & Co boosted their target price on Micron Technology from $50.00 to $55.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, November 10th. Finally, Loop Capital  restated a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 target price (up previously from $40.00) on shares of Micron Technology in a research report on Thursday, September 21st. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned  a hold rating, thirty have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. Micron Technology presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $46.96. Shares of Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) traded down $0.54 during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $45.26. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 19,314,687 shares, compared to its average volume of 28,981,148. The firm has a market cap of $52,350.00, a P/E ratio of 10.27, a PEG ratio of 0.61 and a beta of 1.78. Micron Technology, Inc. has a 52-week low of $17.66 and a 52-week high of $46.00. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.51, a quick ratio of 1.75 and a current ratio of 2.34.  Micron Technology (NASDAQ:MU) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, September 26th. The semiconductor manufacturer reported $2.02 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.84 by $0.18. The firm had revenue of $6.14 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.97 billion. Micron Technology had a return on equity of 32.09% and a net margin of 25.04%. The company’s revenue was up 90.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted ($0.01) EPS.  analysts expect that  Micron Technology, Inc. will post 7.42 EPS for the current fiscal year.  In related news, SVP Steven L. Thorsen, Jr. sold 118,944 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, September 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $38.10, for a total transaction of $4,531,766.40. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 289,940 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $11,046,714. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Robert L. Bailey sold 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, September 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $32.64, for a total value of $97,920.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 117,284 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,828,149.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 308,415 shares of company stock worth $11,836,825. Company insiders own  0.69% of the company’s stock.  Micron Technology Profile    Receive News & Ratings for Micron Technology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Micron Technology Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/15/reviewing-the-insider-trends-for-micron-technology-inc-mu-3/

Recent insider trends for Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) have caught the attention of investors. Insider activity is often a strong indicator of future performance in a stock, and if the data on MU is anything to go by, investors should pay attention. Institutions own 78.18% of Micron Technology, Inc. (MU)’s shares. The total value of these holdings, in millions, is $41,116. Among active positions in the latest quarter, 401 holders increased their positions by a total of 141.01 million shares, 335 holders decreased the positions by a total of 119.84 million shares, and 66 holders held their positions. This works out to a net increase in ownership of 21.17 million shares, and suggests that institutions are feeling bullish about the stock. Among new and sold out positions, 106 holders initiated new positions by a total of 17.16 million shares and 67 holders exited their positions by a total of 13.52 million shares. This nets out to an increase of 3.63 million shares and is a bullish sign for MU. In the last three months, insiders executed a total of 47 trades. 15 of these were buys and 32 were sells. Insider ownership increased by a total of 41168 shares, which suggests that MU’s key executives are feeling more optimistic about the outlook for the stock. The data from the past twelve months tells a different story: insiders executed 18 buys and 63 sells, and ownership decreased by a net of 420187 shares. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Comparing the number of shares sold short over time is a method analysts often use to get a reading on investor sentiment. Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU)’s short interest is 52.81 million shares, or 5.06% of the float. This represents a decrease of -3% in the number of shares being shorted compared to the previous reading, and implies that investors felt less pessimistic about the stock during the past two weeks. Insider data can help an investor form an outlook on a stock, but it’s important to supplement this data with other information such as technical indicators to form a more complete view. A composite of 13 technical indicators that includes measures such as moving averages and momentum oscillators suggests that MU is a Strong buy, which implies that MU is expected to outperform the market based on prior trading patterns. Conclusion 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Institutional ownership trends suggest that the stock is cheap and the insider trading data indicates that insiders are bullish. Technical indicators (also) suggest that Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) is undervalued. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/micron-technology-inc-mu-stock-can-go-higher/

Previously ridiculed, the vast technology sector is currently enjoying a renaissance. Over the last two years, companies like Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) have emerged as market favorites. Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) in particular benefited strongly from the shift in sentiment. After a disastrous 2015, MU stock has a great chance of securing triple-digit returns in 2017. At the same time, investors undoubtedly have concerns about moving too far for too long. Last year, the MU stock price gained 53%. Not only are shares on pace to double that return, since the second half of this year, MU gained 52%. Arguably, in the absence of truly remarkable Micron Technology news, the current rally may seem suspect to some. Moreover, the tech sector overall is overheated. The benchmark exchange-traded fund Technology Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLK) is well into overbought territory, which could spark individual corrections. A prime example is AMD, which started the year strongly but is currently down 2%. From a trading standpoint, anything is possible. However, the primary difference between MU stock and lesser names is that Micron is a classic case of a good company falling into rough circumstances. Across the board, its financials are rock solid. However, in certain critical metrics, such as profitability margins, MU is among the leaders in the global semiconductor industry. These aren’t just fluff numbers, as InvestorPlace writer Tom Taulli asserts. He writes: “Even with the run-up in MU stock, the valuation remains fairly cheap. Consider that the forward price-to-earnings ratio is only about 6.6X.  Perhaps this is why notable value investors have been buying up shares in MU stock, such as Greenlight Capital’s David Einhorn.” I’m not the biggest fan of the P/E ratio, due to it being misunderstood. Still, the entire context makes Micron believable. Of course, without a substantive catalyst for future growth, investors risk holding a worthless bag. In addition, InvestorPlace writer James Brumley notes that the memory card sector has endured multiple boom-bust cycles. Obviously, it’s critical for new buyers that for where the MU stock price is now, the industry doesn’t face another one of these cycles. But catching up on the latest Micron Technology news, the growth argument is very much real. In the second quarter of this year, the company hauled in $925 million from its mobile DRAM business. This represented a significant leap over its Q2 2016 total, which registered $449 million. In fact, going back to at least Q1 2012, this is an all-time record for MU. More significantly, the mobile DRAM sales as a whole more than tripled over the past five years. In other words, the MU stock price is benefitting from a rising tide lifting all boats. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/micron-technology-inc-mu-stock-can-go-higher/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://www.columbiatribune.com/news/20171115/mu-chancellor-unveils-new-scholarships-in-100-days-address

 Two new initiatives will cut the cost of attending the University of Missouri for students from bordering states and the children of out-of-state alumni, Chancellor Alexander Cartwright said Wednesday.
Anyone accepted as an undergraduate from eight bordering states will receive a $2,500 cut in tuition, Cartwright said.
For the children of MU graduates, the Black and Gold Scholarship will provide a full waiver of non-resident tuition for students with an ACT score of 27 or higher and a $7,500 reduction in tuition for those with an ACT score of 25 or 26.
“This initiative will increase the number of students coming to Missouri for their education, and we know that in many cases they end up staying in the Show-Me State after graduating and contribute to our state’s economy,” Cartwright said.
The university already provides substantial aid to high-achieving non-resident students through the Mark Twain Scholarship.
Cartwright unveiled the new initiatives during a speech that drew a standing-room-only crowd to the Columns Ballroom in the Reynolds Alumni Center. It is the first of a series of talks Cartwright plans to highlight ideas for education, economic development and research at MU.
During the speech, Cartwright also said he wants to ease the transition to MU for transfer students and expand course offerings online and on campus for older students returning to continue their education. The university must also provide more opportunities for students to work in the fields they are studying to gain experience and find job opportunities, he said.
“In higher education, we often make the observation that students need to be ‘college ready,’” Cartwright said. “I challenge Mizzou to ask, ‘Are we student ready?’ As we think about the pathways our students take today, and in the future, have we considered what we need to do to help our students succeed in achieving the outcomes to which they aspire?”
Tuition for non-resident students is about $15,600 more per year than Missouri residents for a full load of courses. The new discounts will be covered by money from donors and by shifting current sources of student aid, Cartwright said.
“Everybody will be eligible for it and effectively it is a discount, but in our language it is a scholarship, right, because we are awarding something to someone to allow them to come here,” Cartwright said.
Cartwright has been on campus for 107 days, he noted in the speech, and during that time there have been several initiatives intended to make attending the university cheaper. He pointed to the Land Grant Compact, which will cover unmet tuition and fees for students who are eligible for federal Pell grants and all unmet costs for honors students who receive Pell grants, as well as cuts in room and meal rates and efforts to make textbooks more affordable.
In his speech, Cartwright highlighted students who have transferred to MU from a community college and enrolled in courses to continue their education or change careers. His academic career began in a community college after receiving a GED, so he said he understands the need to make it easier to move between colleges.
He said he would call on administrators in student affairs, enrollment management and other areas to simplify the process of transferring or enrolling as a non-traditional student, Cartwright said.
“I think what it is I want people to realize is how much we are committed to student success,” Cartrwright told reporters after the speech.
Providing more opportunities for internships or hands-on learning will also inspire support, he said.
“If we make these high-impact educational experiences an expectation, we could call on our alumni, donors, vendors, foundations and corporate partners to help us make this a reality,” Cartwright said.
The Faculty Council will take the lead in developing ways to incorporate expectations for what he called “experiential learning.”
Council Chair Bill Wiebold said internships are directed by each college or department and the council will be looking for ways to expand those opportunities.
“We’re going to look at it, see what colleges are doing, and encourage majors that don’t have an experience like this to develop them,” Wiebold said. “It is kind of the initial look at what we do and can we encourage all students to get some kind of experience.”
rkeller@columbiatribune.com
573-815-1709 Two new initiatives will cut the cost of attending the University of Missouri for students from bordering states and the children of out-of-state alumni, Chancellor Alexander Cartwright said Wednesday. Anyone accepted as an undergraduate from eight bordering states will receive a $2,500 cut in tuition, Cartwright said. For the children of MU graduates, the Black and Gold Scholarship will provide a full waiver of non-resident tuition for students with an ACT score of 27 or higher and a $7,500 reduction in tuition for those with an ACT score of 25 or 26. “This initiative will increase the number of students coming to Missouri for their education, and we know that in many cases they end up staying in the Show-Me State after graduating and contribute to our state’s economy,” Cartwright said. The university already provides substantial aid to high-achieving non-resident students through the Mark Twain Scholarship. Cartwright unveiled the new initiatives during a speech that drew a standing-room-only crowd to the Columns Ballroom in the Reynolds Alumni Center. It is the first of a series of talks Cartwright plans to highlight ideas for education, economic development and research at MU. During the speech, Cartwright also said he wants to ease the transition to MU for transfer students and expand course offerings online and on campus for older students returning to continue their education. The university must also provide more opportunities for students to work in the fields they are studying to gain experience and find job opportunities, he said. “In higher education, we often make the observation that students need to be ‘college ready,’” Cartwright said. “I challenge Mizzou to ask, ‘Are we student ready?’ As we think about the pathways our students take today, and in the future, have we considered what we need to do to help our students succeed in achieving the outcomes to which they aspire?” Tuition for non-resident students is about $15,600 more per year than Missouri residents for a full load of courses. The new discounts will be covered by money from donors and by shifting current sources of student aid, Cartwright said. “Everybody will be eligible for it and effectively it is a discount, but in our language it is a scholarship, right, because we are awarding something to someone to allow them to come here,” Cartwright said. Cartwright has been on campus for 107 days, he noted in the speech, and during that time there have been several initiatives intended to make attending the university cheaper. He pointed to the Land Grant Compact, which will cover unmet tuition and fees for students who are eligible for federal Pell grants and all unmet costs for honors students who receive Pell grants, as well as cuts in room and meal rates and efforts to make textbooks more affordable. In his speech, Cartwright highlighted students who have transferred to MU from a community college and enrolled in courses to continue their education or change careers. His academic career began in a community college after receiving a GED, so he said he understands the need to make it easier to move between colleges. He said he would call on administrators in student affairs, enrollment management and other areas to simplify the process of transferring or enrolling as a non-traditional student, Cartwright said. “I think what it is I want people to realize is how much we are committed to student success,” Cartrwright told reporters after the speech. Providing more opportunities for internships or hands-on learning will also inspire support, he said. “If we make these high-impact educational experiences an expectation, we could call on our alumni, donors, vendors, foundations and corporate partners to help us make this a reality,” Cartwright said. The Faculty Council will take the lead in developing ways to incorporate expectations for what he called “experiential learning.” Council Chair Bill Wiebold said internships are directed by each college or department and the council will be looking for ways to expand those opportunities. “We’re going to look at it, see what colleges are doing, and encourage majors that don’t have an experience like this to develop them,” Wiebold said. “It is kind of the initial look at what we do and can we encourage all students to get some kind of experience.” rkeller@columbiatribune.com 573-815-1709 

https://www.nystocknews.com/2017/11/15/micron-technology-inc-mu-undervalued-by-11-9/

Publicly-traded company Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) had a closing price of $45.80 yesterday. Meanwhile, the average 12-month price target from Wall Street analysts is currently $51.96, this means that the stock is underpriced by 11.855%. In the past 52 weeks the company’s stock price has moved within the range of $17.53 to $45.87. This particular stock’s 5-day moving average is 44.75, its 20-day moving average is 42.97 and its 100-day moving average is 34.96. Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) currently has 1.15 million shares outstanding, which means that its market capitalization is $51.31B. The Details: Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Financial Health 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 There are several indicators we can take into consideration when thinking about a stock’s financial health. For example, we can look at a company’s profit margin, which tells us how much of the company’s total sales revenue was kept in earnings. We calculate this figure by dividing net income by net sales revenue. MU currently has a profit margin of 25.00%. Looking at a company’s operating margin is also helpful. This number tells us how much profit is kept after considering depreciation and operating expenses. Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) has an operating margin of 28.70%. What Does Wall Street Say about Company? When selecting potential stocks to buy, many investors want to find out what Wall Street professionals are thinking about the company beforehand – like what the average analyst rating is. At the moment, the average analyst rating for MU is Moderate Buy. Out of 20 total analysts who were surveyed, 2 rated it a Moderate Buy, 2 rated it hold, and 16 rated it a Strong Buy. Three months ago, on the other hand, the average analyst rating for Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) was a Moderate Buy – from a survey of 14 analysts. Of the analysts who provided ratings, 1 rated the company a Hold, 2 rated it a Moderate Buy, and 11 rated it a Strong Buy. Understanding Profitability at Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) A good way of assessing a public company’s profitability is by looking at its Earnings per Share (EPS). In the most recent financial results released by Micron Technology, Inc., for the quarter ending on 2017-08-31, the company posted EPS of 2.02. The average estimate of Wall Street analysts had projected 1.84. Wall Street analysts, on average, are forecasting the company’s EPS to be 2.18, compared to 0.32 reported in the same quarter last year. When it comes to net revenue, the average estimate from a total of 24 analysts is 6.4 billion – compared to $3.97 billion posted in the year-ago period. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   

http://www.frontiersman.com/national/sports/notebook-one-game-at-a-time-mentality-has-mu-one/article_8ab96c64-c53b-5e1a-ae1a-7f482bfdf0db.html

Missouri football coach Barry Odom watches students in the Memorial Stadium stands after an Apr. 6 spring practice on Faurot Field. Odom's Tigers are one win away from bowl eligibility and play at Vanderbilt at 6:30 p.m. Saturday.  Barry Odom has said his team is taking it one game at a time throughout the season. This time, however, there is no reason for Missouri to look past Saturday. With a win over Vanderbilt, Missouri can achieve bowl eligibility for the first time since 2014. It has been an incredible turnaround for a team that started the season 1-5, with most losses coming in double digits. In recent bowl projections, the Tigers have been tied to the Dec. 29 Belk Bowl in Charlotte, North Carolina, against Louisville (by Sporting News’ Bill Bender) and two Dec. 30 bowls: the TaxSlayer Bowl in Jacksonville, Florida, against Northwestern (by ESPN’s Kyle Bonagura) and the AutoZone Liberty Bowl in Memphis against Texas (by ESPN’s David M. Hale) or West Virginia (by Sports Illustrated’s Eric Single). Liberty Bowl representatives attended Saturday’s win over Tennessee and circulated flyers about the bowl around the Memorial Stadium press box. A Liberty Bowl representative just passed out a brochure for the bowl. It’s a possible destination for the Tigers if they earn bowl eligibility. @CoMoSports pic.twitter.com/nOyDqdrlEY The opportunity to be a head coach in the postseason for the first time is not lost on Odom. He knows how much it would mean to his team, especially the seniors, who could could have their final season of football extended. “They’ve been through a lot,” Odom said. “That was one of our goals that we talked about, having a chance to play after the regular season is over. You get to 1-0 this week, and that opens a whole other world of opportunities for us.” Ish Witter has never played better than he has in the final games of his career. The senior broke a personal record Saturday night when he rushed for 216 yards and is only 21 yards away from breaking his season high of 750 yards with two games left. During Missouri’s four-game winning streak, he’s combined for 413 yards and five total touchdowns. At 5-foot-10, Witter doesn’t have the same stature as fellow backs Damarea Crockett and Larry Rountree III, but he has been just as effective as both when given the ball. Offensive coordinator Josh Heupel heaped praise on his smaller back after Witter’s career night. “Some of the best runners I’ve been around have been smaller in stature, but they all have strength,” Heupel said. “You don’t have to be the biggest guy, but you do have to have a physical presence about you.” Despite four touchdown passes from junior quarterback Drew Lock — of 31, 50, 23 and 20 yards, respectively — and a second straight 100-yard receiving effort from Emanuel Hall, Heupel wasn’t satisfied with the Tigers’ passing attack against the Volunteers on Monday. “We didn’t throw and catch it well enough,” Heupel said. “That was extremely disappointing. Emanuel with the drops, but other guys, as well, and Drew maybe not as accurate as he’s capable of being, as well, at times. So (that will) bring our guys back down to earth maybe a little bit, and hopefully we’ll push forward and go execute at a much higher level this week.” Tennessee entered Saturday’s game with the No. 4 pass defense in the country, but Missouri’s receiving corps hurt its own cause with more than a handful of drops. Seven players registered catches, but Hall (five catches), J’Mon Moore (three catches) and Johnathon Johnson (two catches) were the only Tigers to have more than one. Lock finished with 217 yards but completed just 46 percent of his passes. Two Missouri players earned SEC awards in the wake of the Tigers’ 50-17 victory over Tennessee. Marcell Frazier was named the SEC Co-Defensive Lineman of the Week after sacking Tennessee’s Will McBride twice Saturday. Frazier, who shared the award with Kentucky’s Denzil Ware, has 5½ sacks on the season. Rountree was the other Tiger to earn an award, as he was named the SEC Co-Freshman of the Week. Rountree, who shared the award with Texas A&M quarterback Nick Starkel, ran wild for 155 yards against Tennessee and currently leads all SEC freshman in rushing touchdowns with five. While Rountree has been able to put up impressive stats for a freshman, Heupel is proud of his running back for improving his game when he isn’t personally trying to score touchdowns. “He continues to get more and more comfortable and more and more confident with every play, every game,” Heupel said. “He played his best football without the ball in his hands this Saturday, and as a young running back, those are things that are tough to pick up early in your career.” Supervising editors are Brooks Holton and Pete Bland: blandp@missouri.edu, 882-5729. This article originally ran on columbiamissourian.com.  NIKISKI — Colony head wrestling coach Todd Hopkins had a successful return to the … November  To the students at Mt. Edgecumbe High School in Sitka, the Alaska Army National Gu… 
Log In
 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd,
racist or sexually-oriented language.
PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.
Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another
person will not be tolerated.
Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone
or anything.
Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism
that is degrading to another person.
Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on
each comment to let us know of abusive posts.
Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness
accounts, the history behind an article.
 

http://www.stltoday.com/sports/college/mizzou/witter-quietly-powers-mizzou-s-rising-running-game/article_af70cd94-1bd0-5236-a2b2-f49b5f11335a.html

Missouri running back Ish Witter runs the ball during the first quarter of an NCAA college football game against Florida Saturday, Nov. 4, 2017, in Columbia, Mo. (AP Photo/L.G. Patterson) COLUMBIA, MO. • Two years ago, Ish Witter was Missouri’s leading rusher by default. Now, he’s doing it by design — at least the past four weeks. When sophomore starting running back Damarea Crockett needed shoulder surgery after a loss at Georgia Oct. 14, Barry Odom and his offensive staff never flinched at putting the running game into the hands of Witter, their senior, and understudy Larry Rountree III, a promising freshman. They’ve since combined to supply a rejuvenated ground game that’s become the backbone of Mizzou’s four-game winning streak. Sure, Drew Lock has produced record-chasing numbers the last four weeks — with a nation’s best 35 touchdown passes, he needs five more for the MU single-season record and six for the Southeastern Conference record — but it’s been a progressively potent running game that’s established an identity for coordinator Josh Heupel’s offense. Heading into Saturday’s game at Vanderbilt (4-6, 0-6 SEC), the Tigers have attempted more runs each of the past four weeks, peaking with 433 yards on 53 carries last week against Tennessee. In the victories over Idaho, Connecticut, Florida and the Vols, Mizzou ran for 1,018 yards and nine touchdowns and averaged 6.2 yards per attempt. It’s been the kind of physical rushing attack Odom envisioned when he hired Heupel, who had experience building rugged running teams out of spread offenses at Oklahoma. “If you want to play championship football you’ve got to be able to run the ball,” Heupel said. “As we continue to build this program offensively, being able to run the ball is extremely important to us.” That’s why the Tigers (5-5, 2-4) didn’t hesitate to double down on the running game when Crockett got hurt. In Saturday’s 50-17 victory, Witter looked every bit the part of a featured back with 216 yards on 24 carries in his final home game. It was the second-most yards for an SEC back this season and ranked 11th all-time in Mizzou history. “Going out rushing for 200 yards, I’ve never done that in college,” he said after Tuesday’s practice. “It was pretty cool, especially in front of my family, these fans and in a big SEC game. It was one of the best moments in my college football career.” Through 10 games, Witter’s 720 rushing yards ranks 10th in the SEC and gives him more than any player from SEC teams Florida, Tennessee, South Carolina, Vanderbilt, Texas A&M and Arkansas — as well as Clemson, Oklahoma, Texas, Michigan State and Nebraska. “Tough,” Missouri free safety Anthony Sherrils. “People might not think he’s a big load, but he packs a big punch.” Two years ago, with senior Russell Hansbrough saddled with an ankle injury, Witter became the Tigers’ top rusher with 518 yards for a mostly dysfunctional offense. He started last fall, though Crockett gradually became the team’s top threat. Still, Witter gave the Tigers a worthy sidekick with 750 rushing yards. This fall, he’s lifted his yards per carry average from 4.6 to 6.2 and has become one of the SEC’s best big-play threats. Among conference running backs, only Georgia’s Nick Chubb has more 10-yard runs than Witter’s 26. “This is the best that he’s ran,” Heupel said. “I’m talking the last two, three, four weeks. He’s playing with confidence.” Mizzou’s staff has been just as impressed with Witter’s leadership. During the five-game losing streak Odom needed strong voices within the locker room to keep players invested in the plan to revive the season. Witter isn’t known for being outspoken, but Rountree praised the leader of the running backs for his “calm energy.” “He’s not the most talkative guy,” Heupel said, “but (it’s) the way he competes, the confidence he exudes, the selfless nature he has about him as far as the team is the number one priority. The players who sit in chairs next to him see that and recognize it every day.” As his career winds down, Witter has started to find his name inching closer to the most productive running backs in Mizzou history. Despite only four 100-yard rushing games in his career, Witter sits at No. 13 in the school’s career rushing list with 2,089 yards, putting him 256 yards from joining the 10. If he makes it, he’ll have spent this year passing Bob Steuber, Tommie Stowers, Derrick Washington, Kendial Lawrence, Joe Moore and former teammate Hansbrough. That possibility would have seemed beyond belief a few years ago. Witter agrees. “Knowing I can leave my name on a list that people can see,” he said, “that would be awesome.” St. Louis defensive lineman first signed with Tigers in 2013, resurfaced as junior college prospect.  St. Louis defensive lineman first signed with Tigers in 2013, resurfaced as junior college prospect.  Dave Matter is the Mizzou beat writer for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. 
                                    
                                        Whenever Dave Matter posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
                                    
                                 Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. 

