http://www.nasdaq.com/article/notable-wednesday-option-activity-amzn-pcln-nvda-cm877941

Among the underlying components of the Russell 3000 index, we saw noteworthy  options trading  volume today in Amazon.com Inc (Symbol: AMZN), where a total of 36,687 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 3.7 million underlying shares. That amounts to about 90.3% of AMZN's average daily trading volume over the past month of 4.1 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $1130 strike call option expiring November 17, 2017  , with 1,705 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 170,500 underlying shares of AMZN. Below is a chart showing AMZN's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $1130 strike highlighted in orange:       makeArticleAd();    Priceline Group Inc (Symbol: PCLN) saw options trading volume of 5,458 contracts, representing approximately 545,800 underlying shares or approximately 77.7% of PCLN's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 702,565 shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $1750 strike call option expiring November 17, 2017  , with 267 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 26,700 underlying shares of PCLN. Below is a chart showing PCLN's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $1750 strike highlighted in orange:       And NVIDIA Corp (Symbol: NVDA) saw options trading volume of 61,135 contracts, representing approximately 6.1 million underlying shares or approximately 44.7% of NVDA's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 13.7 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $215 strike call option expiring November 17, 2017  , with 4,792 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 479,200 underlying shares of NVDA. Below is a chart showing NVDA's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $215 strike highlighted in orange:         For the various different available expirations for AMZN options  , PCLN options  , or NVDA options  , visit StockOptionsChannel.com.   Today's Most Active Call & Put Options of the   S&P 500 »                       Today's Most Active Call & Put Options of the   S&P 500 »  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apos-why-time-buy-nvidia-130801855.html

A successful investor understands the importance of adding well-performing stocks to the portfolio at the right time. NVIDIA Corporation NVDA is one such technology stock that has been on a healthy growth trajectory of late. Shares of this California-based graphic chip behemoth have rallied nearly 5% since its reported solid third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. Moreover, the stock has been clocking solid returns in the last year and has soared 158.4%, outperforming the industry's gain of 60.3% over the same period. The stock has an estimated long-term earnings growth rate of 11.2%. With solid prospects, this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock is an attractive pick at the moment. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Stellar Performance in Q3 NVIDIA posted earnings of $1.33 per share on non-GAAP basis, up nearly 60.2% year over year. Non-GAAP earnings also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. The year-over-year rise in the bottom line mainly stemmed from significant revenue growth along with gross margin and operating margin expansion. Revenues surged 31.5% year over year to $2.636 billion.  The figure also comfortably surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.364 billion as well as management’s projection of $2.35 billion (+/-2%). The year-over-year jump is primarily attributable to growth across all the platforms — the GPUs gaming platform, Professional Visualization, datacenter and Tegra automotive platforms. Further, NVIDIA continued to gain strength in the artificial intelligence (AI) space, which positively impacted the quarter’s revenues. Raised Guidance For fourth-quarter fiscal 2018, NVIDIA expects revenues of approximately $2.65 billion (+/-2%), which is much higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.44 billion. For fiscal 2018, the company continues to expect returning $1.25 billion to its shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases. Estimates Northbound Estimates for NVIDIA have moved up in the past seven days, reflecting the optimistic outlook of analysts. Earnings estimates for the current quarter have jumped 5.1% while that of next quarter moved up 3.5%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues is $2.44 billion for current quarter, displaying 12.3% year-over-year growth. Revenues for fiscal 2018 are estimated to be $8.99 billion, reflecting 30% annual growth. For the current quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at $1.03, depicting year-over-year growth of 3.5% while that for fiscal 2018 of $3.66 displays a rise of 42.6%. Positive Earnings Surprise History NVIDIA has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, delivering a positive average earnings surprise of 33.5%. Growth Drivers The company’s sustained focus on introducing fast and innovative products as well as agreements with leading PC game makers have been driving its Gaming GPU business. During the quarter, NVIDIA announced the launch of the new high end graphic card, GeForce GTX 1070 1070 Ti. Available from Nov 2, the card was released to take down AMD’s $400 Radeon Vega 56. We believe this will take the gaming experience to a new level. Hence, the launch of this product will enable NVIDIA to increase its customer base and help in garnering additional revenues. NVIDIA also collaborated with Square Enix to unveil Final Fantasy XV Windows Edition for PC in Gamescom 2017, which is aimed at bringing an enhanced gaming experience to PCs. This deal is a positive for NVIDIA, as it will help the company gain market share among gaming content developers.  Moreover, it joined forces with Activision to bring Destiny 2 online game to the PC for the first time. The company’s Volta-based V100 accelerator was the most notable launch of late. The Volta V100 GPU provides 10 times more deep learning power to the company’s year-old predecessor, Pascal generation GPUs. Recently, Alibaba, Baidu BIDU and Tencent announced that they are adopting NVIDIA Volta GPUs in their datacenters and cloud server, joining Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet’s GOOGL Google and Microsoft MSFT. Demand for NVIDIA’s HGX AI supercomputer also remained high as more organizations are keen on building AI-enabled applications. The company stated that Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo will be using its Volta HGX architecture to build AI systems for datacenters. During the quarter, NVIDIA launched TensorRT programmable inference acceleration platform, thereby improving the performance and reducing the cost of AI inferencing. Notably, more than 1,200 companies are already using this inference platform, including Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Alibaba, Baidu, Hi Vision and Tencent. The company also unveiled a new AI supercomputer chip designed for self-driving cars called Pegasus at its GPU Technology Conference in Europe. This new technology helps to drive fully autonomous robotaxis which can handle the concept of Level 5 self-driving vehicles and uses NVIDIA’s DRIVE PX 2 platform, trained on deep neural networks. Per the company, the new system is capable of delivering 320 trillion operations per second of performance, which is more than 10 times compared with its predecessor. To Conclude We expect these factors to help the company sustain strong momentum and stay afloat amid difficult times. Consequently, we suggest that investors buy the stock for the time being. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?  Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Baidu, Inc. (BIDU) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apos-why-time-buy-nvidia-130801855.html

A successful investor understands the importance of adding well-performing stocks to the portfolio at the right time. NVIDIA Corporation NVDA is one such technology stock that has been on a healthy growth trajectory of late. Shares of this California-based graphic chip behemoth have rallied nearly 5% since its reported solid third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. Moreover, the stock has been clocking solid returns in the last year and has soared 158.4%, outperforming the industry's gain of 60.3% over the same period. The stock has an estimated long-term earnings growth rate of 11.2%. With solid prospects, this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock is an attractive pick at the moment. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Stellar Performance in Q3 NVIDIA posted earnings of $1.33 per share on non-GAAP basis, up nearly 60.2% year over year. Non-GAAP earnings also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. The year-over-year rise in the bottom line mainly stemmed from significant revenue growth along with gross margin and operating margin expansion. Revenues surged 31.5% year over year to $2.636 billion.  The figure also comfortably surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.364 billion as well as management’s projection of $2.35 billion (+/-2%). The year-over-year jump is primarily attributable to growth across all the platforms — the GPUs gaming platform, Professional Visualization, datacenter and Tegra automotive platforms. Further, NVIDIA continued to gain strength in the artificial intelligence (AI) space, which positively impacted the quarter’s revenues. Raised Guidance For fourth-quarter fiscal 2018, NVIDIA expects revenues of approximately $2.65 billion (+/-2%), which is much higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.44 billion. For fiscal 2018, the company continues to expect returning $1.25 billion to its shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases. Estimates Northbound Estimates for NVIDIA have moved up in the past seven days, reflecting the optimistic outlook of analysts. Earnings estimates for the current quarter have jumped 5.1% while that of next quarter moved up 3.5%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues is $2.44 billion for current quarter, displaying 12.3% year-over-year growth. Revenues for fiscal 2018 are estimated to be $8.99 billion, reflecting 30% annual growth. For the current quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at $1.03, depicting year-over-year growth of 3.5% while that for fiscal 2018 of $3.66 displays a rise of 42.6%. Positive Earnings Surprise History NVIDIA has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, delivering a positive average earnings surprise of 33.5%. Growth Drivers The company’s sustained focus on introducing fast and innovative products as well as agreements with leading PC game makers have been driving its Gaming GPU business. During the quarter, NVIDIA announced the launch of the new high end graphic card, GeForce GTX 1070 1070 Ti. Available from Nov 2, the card was released to take down AMD’s $400 Radeon Vega 56. We believe this will take the gaming experience to a new level. Hence, the launch of this product will enable NVIDIA to increase its customer base and help in garnering additional revenues. NVIDIA also collaborated with Square Enix to unveil Final Fantasy XV Windows Edition for PC in Gamescom 2017, which is aimed at bringing an enhanced gaming experience to PCs. This deal is a positive for NVIDIA, as it will help the company gain market share among gaming content developers.  Moreover, it joined forces with Activision to bring Destiny 2 online game to the PC for the first time. The company’s Volta-based V100 accelerator was the most notable launch of late. The Volta V100 GPU provides 10 times more deep learning power to the company’s year-old predecessor, Pascal generation GPUs. Recently, Alibaba, Baidu BIDU and Tencent announced that they are adopting NVIDIA Volta GPUs in their datacenters and cloud server, joining Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet’s GOOGL Google and Microsoft MSFT. Demand for NVIDIA’s HGX AI supercomputer also remained high as more organizations are keen on building AI-enabled applications. The company stated that Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo will be using its Volta HGX architecture to build AI systems for datacenters. During the quarter, NVIDIA launched TensorRT programmable inference acceleration platform, thereby improving the performance and reducing the cost of AI inferencing. Notably, more than 1,200 companies are already using this inference platform, including Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Alibaba, Baidu, Hi Vision and Tencent. The company also unveiled a new AI supercomputer chip designed for self-driving cars called Pegasus at its GPU Technology Conference in Europe. This new technology helps to drive fully autonomous robotaxis which can handle the concept of Level 5 self-driving vehicles and uses NVIDIA’s DRIVE PX 2 platform, trained on deep neural networks. Per the company, the new system is capable of delivering 320 trillion operations per second of performance, which is more than 10 times compared with its predecessor. To Conclude We expect these factors to help the company sustain strong momentum and stay afloat amid difficult times. Consequently, we suggest that investors buy the stock for the time being. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?  Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Baidu, Inc. (BIDU) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/15/delve-into-todays-share-market-nvidia-corporation-nvda/


Jack Hue 
16 hours ago
NYSE, NYSE Mega
Leave a comment
 The top gainer with a security that increased in price during today’s trading was NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA). NVIDIA Corporation had a higher price at the close than it did at the open. The company holds a market cap of 129.04B with a P/E of 61.88 indicating whether its share price properly reflects its performance. Fundamentalists and value investors are seeing the low ratio of 15.46 as more positive – demonstrating that the company has a great deal of revenue with a fair price. However, technicians believes that a higher ratio would indicate the likelihood of a constant augmentation of the company’s share price. NVIDIA Corporation’s P/B is valued at 21.59 exhibiting the investor sentiment on the value of the stock to its actual value. A higher P/B ratio of NVIDIA Corporation is signposting that the investors have either overvalued it , or that its accountants have undervalued it. The P/B figure is also providing some ideas on whether the shareholders are paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately – but to consider that the company ought to have a lower P/B value. As of now, the increased share price of NVIDIA Corporation makes it a lucrative buy for investors. A change of 5.27% in the price clearly indicates a strong asset performance for the corporation, , bearing in mind the total returns from its investment and dividends or distributions obtained from the investment. The ROA of NVIDIA Corporation is currently valued at 20.50% indicating how profitable the company is in regards to its total assets. The figure tells us what earnings were generated from invested capital of NVIDIA Corporation. It gives investors a clue on how effective the company is in converting the money it has to invest into net income. NVIDIA Corporation’s ROI is valued at 19.80% relatively measuring the profitability on the investment. It evidently points out how profitable and preferable it is for the investors. The company has a current ratio of 7.8 gauging towards its ability in paying short-term and long-term obligations. With the existing current ratio, NVIDIA Corporation is more than equipped to confront its liabilities with its assets. NVIDIA Corporation has a quick ratio of 7 measuring its ability to meet its short term obligations with its most liquid assets. The high quick ratio specifies its better liquidity position on the credit terms the company has negotiated from its suppliers. The EPS growth this year is at 137.90% demonstrating an EPS growth of 11.44% in the coming year. This defines the most likely future of the stock price of NVIDIA Corporation. With this high EPSGR it is predicted that growth rate will rise faster as compared to its competitors in the same industry. As it upholds an amended rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target. NVIDIA Corporation NASDAQ : NVDA | Monday, November 13, 2017    Tags (NASDAQ:NVDA) NASDAQ NVDA NVIDIA Corporation Semiconductor - Specialized Technology 16 mins ago 1 hour ago 3 hours ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/15/why-nvidia-corporation-nvda-is-being-added-to-investors-watchlist/

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) trade is getting exciting but lets take a deeper look whether it is as good a moment. Now trading with a market value of 127.87B, the company has a mix of catalysts and obstacles that spring from the nature of its operations. As the day-to-day narrative ebbs and flows for this company, it is more important than ever to step back and get a bird’s eye view of the fundamental reality under the surface of this story. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) Fundamentals That Matter It’s generally a good idea to start with the most fundamental piece of the picture: the balance sheet. The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For NVDA, the company currently has 23 million in current liabilities. The trend over time is important to note. In this case, the company’s debt has been falling. The company also has 9.83 billion in total assets, balanced by 3.48 billion in total liabilities, which should give you a sense of the viability of the company under any number of imagined business contexts. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) saw 651 million in free cash flow last quarter, representing a quarterly net change in cash of -1 million. Perhaps most importantly where cash movements are concerned, the company saw about 705 million in net operating cash flow. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) Revenue Growth Potential As far as key trends that demonstrate something of the future investment potential of this stock, we need to take a closer look at the top line, first and foremost. Last quarter, the company saw 2.64 billion in total revenues. That represents a quarterly year/year change in revenues of 0.32 in sequential terms, the NVDA saw sales decline by 0.18. But what about the bottom line? After all, that’s what really matters in the end. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is intriguing when broken down to its core data. The cost of selling goods last quarter was 1.07 billion, yielding a gross basic income of 1.57 billion. For shareholders, given the total diluted outstanding shares of 628 million, this means overall earnings per share of 1.33. Note, this compares with a consensus analyst forecast of 1.13 in earnings per share for its next fiscal quarterly report. 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Is NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) Valuation Attractive Looking ahead at valuations, according to the consensus, the next fiscal year is forecast to bring about 4.38 in total earnings per share. If we consider a median price to earnings ratio on the stock, that corresponds with a stock price of 47.14. However, one should always remember: the trends are more important than the forecasts. This continues to be an interesting story, and we look forward to updating it again soon on NVIDIA Corporation. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/15/oppenheimer-holdings-inc-reaffirms-hold-rating-for-nvidia-corporation-nvda.html


					Posted by Nicole Wilson on Nov 15th, 2017 // No Comments  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. in a note issued to investors on Sunday, November 5th. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Jefferies Group LLC downgraded shares of NVIDIA Corporation from a “buy” rating to an “underperform” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $140.00 to $180.00 in a report on Monday, July 10th. Needham & Company LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $200.00 price objective (up from $130.00) on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research note on Monday, July 10th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of NVIDIA Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $169.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of NVIDIA Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, Vetr downgraded shares of NVIDIA Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $174.02 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned  a hold rating, twenty-four have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $185.93. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) traded down $3.46 during midday trading on Friday, hitting $210.73. 10,533,432 shares of the company were exchanged, compared to its average volume of 17,738,049. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.31, a current ratio of 8.26 and a quick ratio of 7.42. The stock has a market cap of $126,280.00, a P/E ratio of 52.37, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 4.74 and a beta of 1.23. NVIDIA Corporation has a 1 year low of $83.93 and a 1 year high of $218.67.  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, November 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $1.33 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.39. NVIDIA Corporation had a net margin of 28.78% and a return on equity of 42.71%. The firm had revenue of $2.64 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.36 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.94 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 31.5% on a year-over-year basis.  equities analysts expect that  NVIDIA Corporation will post 4 earnings per share for the current year.  WARNING: This news story was first  reported by The Ledger Gazette and is the property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/15/oppenheimer-holdings-inc-reaffirms-hold-rating-for-nvidia-corporation-nvda.html.  In other news, Director Dawn E. Hudson sold 15,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $213.44, for a total transaction of $3,201,600.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 46,868 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,003,505.92. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, insider Jen Hsun Huang sold 110,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, September 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $166.08, for a total value of $18,268,800.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 451,503 shares of company stock worth $81,997,895 in the last quarter. Company insiders own  5.17% of the company’s stock.  Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Welch Investments LLC bought a new position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation in the 3rd quarter valued at about $104,000.  Evercore Wealth Management LLC lifted its holdings in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 36.9% in the 2nd quarter. Evercore Wealth Management LLC now owns 765 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $110,000 after acquiring an additional 206 shares during the last quarter.  TB Alternative Assets Ltd. bought a new position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation in the 2nd quarter valued at about $116,000.  Proficio Capital Partners LLC lifted its holdings in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 186.1% in the 1st quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 841 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $117,000 after acquiring an additional 547 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. lifted its holdings in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 0.7% in the 2nd quarter. Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. now owns 822 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $119,000 after acquiring an additional 6 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  65.40% of the company’s stock.  NVIDIA Corporation Company Profile Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users.   Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://weeklyregister.com/rosenblum-silverman-sutton-s-f-inc-stake-in-nvidia-corp-nvda-has-trimmed-by-4-91-million/


November 16, 2017 - By Peter Erickson
 Investors sentiment increased to 1.21 in 2017 Q2. Its up 0.21, from 1 in 2017Q1. It improved, as 73 investors sold NVDA shares while 262 reduced holdings. 131 funds opened positions while 273 raised stakes. 388.29 million shares or 4.10% less from 404.87 million shares in 2017Q1 were reported. Crow Point Limited Liability holds 593 shares or 0.01% of its portfolio. Catalyst Capital Advsrs Llc invested in 0.39% or 63,500 shares. Magnetar Financial Lc holds 0.01% or 5,425 shares in its portfolio. Fiera reported 83,301 shares or 0.06% of all its holdings. Miles Capital Inc owns 3,919 shares for 0.3% of their portfolio. Fuller & Thaler Asset Mngmt has 0.06% invested in NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA). Advisors Asset Mngmt Inc stated it has 15,306 shares. Fdx Advisors has 6,210 shares. Todd Asset Management Ltd Liability Corp reported 0.67% of its portfolio in NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA). Bell Retail Bank reported 8,675 shares. Putnam Limited Liability invested 0.14% in NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA). Coldstream Cap Management has 0.03% invested in NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA). Teacher Retirement System Of Texas holds 155,578 shares or 0.16% of its portfolio. Regions Financial holds 0.01% of its portfolio in NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) for 8,425 shares. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Mgmt reported 12,428 shares. Since May 18, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 4 selling transactions for $29.35 million activity. On Tuesday, May 30 Shoquist Debora sold $9.23 million worth of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) or 63,717 shares. Byron Michael sold $3.50 million worth of stock. $434,980 worth of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) shares were sold by SEAWELL A BROOKE. $8.23 million worth of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) shares were sold by COXE TENCH. Puri Ajay K also sold $11.46 million worth of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) on Tuesday, May 23. Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc decreased its stake in Nvidia Corp. (NVDA) by 33.74% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC. Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc sold 34,065 shares as the company’s stock rose 26.83% with the market. The institutional investor held 66,892 shares of the semiconductors company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $9.67M, down from 100,957 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc who had been investing in Nvidia Corp. for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $125.99B market cap company. The stock decreased 1.96% or $4.2 during the last trading session, reaching $209.98. About 18,928 shares traded. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has risen 212.28% since November 16, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 195.58% the S&P500.
Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc, which manages about $291.11 million and $250.40M US Long portfolio, upped its stake in Dexcom Inc. (NASDAQ:DXCM) by 61,705 shares to 69,586 shares, valued at $5.09M in 2017Q2, according to the filing. 
 Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc decreased its stake in Nvidia Corp. (NVDA) by 33.74% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC. Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc sold 34,065 shares as the company’s stock rose 26.83% with the market. The institutional investor held 66,892 shares of the semiconductors company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $9.67M, down from 100,957 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc who had been investing in Nvidia Corp. for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $125.99B market cap company. The stock decreased 1.96% or $4.2 during the last trading session, reaching $209.98. About 18,928 shares traded. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has risen 212.28% since November 16, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 195.58% the S&P500. Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Inc, which manages about $291.11 million and $250.40M US Long portfolio, upped its stake in Dexcom Inc. (NASDAQ:DXCM) by 61,705 shares to 69,586 shares, valued at $5.09M in 2017Q2, according to the filing.  

https://www.zacks.com/commentary/137195/bull-of-the-day-nvidia-nvda

Kevin Cook
November 15, 2017
 NVDA INTC BIDU BABA AMD  NVIDIA (NVDA  -  Free Report)	 delivered another strong beat-and-raise quarter last week and the stock once again stretched for new highs above $215.On the top line, Q3 revenues surged 31.5% year-over-year to $2.636 billion, and surpassed the Zacks consensus estimate of $2.364 billion by 11.5%.On the bottom line, NVIDIA posted earnings of $1.33 per share on a non-GAAP basis, up over 60% year-over-year, and clobbering by 41.5% the Zacks consensus of 94 cents per share.The robust earnings performance not only stemmed from significant revenue growth but also from gross margin and operating margin expansion.Is NVDA Too Expensive at 50X?But many investors wonder if the stock is still a buy as it now trades for 53 times trailing 12-month earnings.As an NVDA investor, I have a bias that says "Yes, I would still be a buyer near $200."And, after this most recent quarterly report, as I go over the growth profile in all its different business segments and customers, I find multiple reasons to reinforce this view.In sum, as long as the leading provider of gaming processors, High Performance Computing in data centers, and emerging AI technologies keeps delivering solid double-digit sales and earnings growth, along with upside surprises each quarter, then paying 48 times the current projection for next year's profits isn't a bad proposition.So, two important questions follow...1) Will the market demand for HPC/AI solutions in data center, gaming, and automotive segments continue to grow at high double-digits?2) Can NVIDIA maintain their dominant position, even as Intel (INTC  -  Free Report)	 forges a renewed alliance with arch enemy Advanced Micro Devices (AMD  -  Free Report)	 to gain a foothold in GPU processor markets?To help you decide whether the current 50X multiple is too expensive for NVIDIA's growth, this article will go over the current and forecast leadership of NVIDIA and why some Wall Street investment banks believe the company is on its way to earning $8 per share in 2020, which would equate to a 31X multiple at high Street targets near $250.Every Major Dude Will Tell YouThe other day I was reviewing all the big announcements at the Beijing GPU Tech Conference in late September, in particular that the giants of China e-commerce Alibaba (BABA  -  Free Report)	, Baidu (BIDU  -  Free Report)	, and Tencent were all new cloud/datacenter customers. I came away with the insight that "everybody is their customer now."Then on Monday November 13, from the SuperComputing Conference in Denver, NVIDIA issued a press release highlighting the exact thing...NVIDIA Chosen by Every Major Computer Maker, Every Major CloudDENVER, Nov. 13, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA (NVDA  -  Free Report)	 today announced the world’s most advanced data center GPU — the NVIDIA (NVDA  -  Free Report)	® Tesla® V100 GPU based on NVIDIA’s Volta architecture — is available through every major computer maker and chosen by every major cloud to deliver artificial intelligence and high performance computing.Dell EMC, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Huawei, IBM and Lenovo have all announced Volta-based offerings for their customers. Providers such as Alibaba Cloud, Amazon Web Services, Baidu Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Oracle Cloud and Tencent Cloud have also announced Volta-based cloud services.Building on this breadth of offerings, NVIDIA (NVDA  -  Free Report)	 has introduced new software and tools on the NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC) container registry that make it easy for scientists to deploy NVIDIA’s accelerated computing platform for compute-intensive research.(end of NVIDIA press release excerpt)Volta is NVIDIA's latest advance in HPC architecture. It delivers over 100 Teraflops per second (TFLOPS) of deep learning performance, over a 5X increase compared to prior generation NVIDIA Pascal architecture.It's important to understand that NVIDIA doesn't just make HPC parallel processing chips for gaming, datacenter, AI, and other applications. The GPU chips with thousands of "cores" come embedded in some version of an overall platform known as CUDA (Compute Unified Device Architecture) which allows developers to immediately begin programming in a common language (say C++) what they want the machine learning system to do. So the NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC) container registry adds a new level of service and ease of use for corporations applying the technology. In short, NVIDIA has just outdone themselves again in winning over the developer and enterprise communities by creating an extended platform which simplifies software integrations.Deep Learning is NVIDIA's Business Stick with me on mapping who NVIDIA's customers are and, just as importantly, why they are. If you understand this end demand for the technology from the "who's who" of big tech companies, you will better appreciate the potential value of NVIDIA's growth segments and the coming explosion of AI applications that I am going to describe for you in the last two sections.So, how does NVIDIA speak to both individual developers and massive enterprises? After they build a CUDA architecture, they make sure that data scientists, entrepreneurs, and organizations can use it.In May, the company announced that their Deep Learning Institute was expanding the number and availability of programming courses at little or no cost with the goal of training 100,000 developers by the end of 2018.And on October 25, NVIDIA announced immediate availability of the NVIDIA® GPU Cloud (NGC) container registry for AI developers worldwide. Here was the word from that PR...In just a few steps, NGC helps developers get started with deep learning development through no-cost access to a comprehensive, easy-to-use, fully optimized deep learning software stack.The cloud-based service is available immediately to users of the just-announced Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) P3 instances featuring NVIDIA Tesla® V100 GPUs. NVIDIA plans to expand support to other cloud platforms soon.After signing up for an NGC account, developers can download a containerized software stack that integrates and optimizes a wide range of deep learning frameworks, NVIDIA libraries and CUDA® runtime versions — which are kept up to date and run seamlessly in the cloud or on NVIDIA DGX™ systems.“The NVIDIA GPU Cloud democratizes AI for a rapidly expanding global base of users,” said Jim McHugh, vice president and general manager of Enterprise Systems at NVIDIA. “NGC frees developers from the complexity of integration, allowing them to move quickly to create sophisticated neural networks that deliver the transformative powers of AI.”(end of NVDA PR excerpt from Oct 25)Monday at the SC17 Supercomputing Conference (runs all week in Denver), where dozens of computer makers and cloud service providers launched a wide range of Volta-based products and services, CEO and NVIDIA-founder Jensen Huang proudly described their new achievement...“Volta is the world’s most powerful platform for AI and HPC, and will allow the world’s top minds in scientific research to push the limit on what’s possible in areas like drug discovery, alternative fuel sources and predicting natural disasters. With Volta now in data centers and clouds around the world, a new wave of innovation is underway that will have an incredible impact across society.”With "every major" computer and cloud provider adopting NVIDIA technology, the runway appears clear for continued 30% sales growth over the next 1-3 years.How Far Will 50% Segment Growth Fly?Before I break down NVIDIA's segment growth, let me share a few important notes on terminology: "Inference" is the term used to describe the next level of machine learning after "training."Inference is sometimes referred to as deep learning. After scientists have "trained" a system on data, then they can have it apply the data set and knowledge to learn new things. Think of the initial training as establishing "weights" for data (baselines) and inference as advanced pattern recognition.Gaming is still NVIDIA's biggest end market, claiming nearly 55% of the company's projected $9.4 billion in sales this year and still growing at over 25% annually. And gaming is still the largest global entertainment industry at over $100 billion in annual sales.In September, I read several investment bank research reports which indicated that NVIDIA could continue to grow their cloud/datacenter business at over 50% annually for the next 3 years, with sales projections ranging from $7 to $10 billion in 2020 just for this segment.Q3 results delivered confirmation of that optimism with Volta adoption driving datacenter segment sales to $501 million, representing 20% sequential (quarter-over-quarter) and 109% annual (year-over-year) growth.NVDA noted that there are now more than 1,200 companies using its Volta-based inference platform, and this is why many Wall Street analysts are so enthusiastic about the continued growth in the datacenter space, especially since the total addressable market (TAM) is expected to push over $30 billion in the next 3 to 5 years.Automotive is currently a small sales contributor for NVIDIA, at just under 10% of total revenues. But the segment is growing at nearly 50% as NVIDIA forms key partnerships in Europe (with Bosch and PACCAR) and in China (with Baidu) to deliver autonomous driving technology.Even cryptocurrency mining is a growth category for NVIDIA, although it may never contribute more than 10% of total sales.The Biggest Market Yet for AI?GPU parallel processing architectures will continue to sweep business away from old-line CPU serial processing architectures in the computing market. Since gaming, datacenter, automotive and crypto-mining are all parallel applications growing strong double digits, NVIDIA has a clear path to double revenues in the next 3 to 5 years.But there are advanced computing markets on the horizon that many investors haven't thought much about yet, and probably some analysts haven't even incorporated these markets into their models.To highlight one of them, I've been in a surreal state of shock since I read a recent Bank of America research report about Augmented Reality. In it, the BofA/ML analysts calculate that last year's total market revenues tied to AR were $5 billion.In 2020, they are forecasting this market to grow to $160 billion. That's a 3200% increase over 4 years! That's a CAGR (compound annual growth rate) of 138%!I don't know what they see, but I like it.Disclosure: I own shares of NVDA, BABA, AMD, and BIDU for the Zacks TAZR Trader portfolio.Today's Stocks from Zacks' Hottest StrategiesIt's hard to believe, even for us at Zacks. But while the market gained +18.8% from 2016 - Q1 2017, our top stock-picking screens have returned +157.0%, +128.0%, +97.8%, +94.7%, and +90.2% respectively.And this outperformance has not just been a recent phenomenon. Over the years it has been remarkably consistent. From 2000 - Q1 2017, the composite yearly average gain for these strategies has beaten the market more than 11X over. Maybe even more remarkable is the fact that we're willing to share their latest stocks with you without cost or obligation.See Them Free>> NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) - free report >> Intel Corporation (INTC) - free report >> Baidu, Inc. (BIDU) - free report >> Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) - free report >> Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) - free report >> Free Report for Zacks.com Visitors Our experts cut down 220 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys to the 7 that are most likely to jump in price immediately. For 28 years, the full Strong Buy list has averaged a stellar +25% per year. See its 7 best stocks now.    Privacy Policy | No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/surprise-coming-nvidia-nvda-earnings-134001006.html

Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and NVIDIA Corporation NVDA may be one such company. The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for their report. That is because NVIDIA is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity as of late, which is generally a precursor to an earnings beat. After all, analysts raising estimates right before earnings — with the most up-to-date information possible — is a pretty good indicator of some favorable trends underneath the surface for NVDA in this report. In fact, the Most Accurate Estimate for the current quarter is currently at 95 cents per share for NVDA, compared to a broader Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. This suggests that analysts have very recently bumped up their estimates for NVDA, giving the stock a Zacks Earnings ESP of +0.71% heading into earnings season. NVIDIA Corporation Price and EPS Surprise   NVIDIA Corporation Price and EPS Surprise | NVIDIA Corporation Quote Why is this Important? A positive reading for the Zacks Earnings ESP has proven to be very powerful in producing both positive surprises, and outperforming the market. Our recent 10-year backtest shows that stocks that have a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better show a positive surprise nearly 70% of the time, and have returned over 28% on average in annual returns (see more Top Earnings ESP stocks here). Given that NVDA has a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and an ESP in positive territory, investors might want to consider this stock ahead of earnings. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Clearly, recent earnings estimate revisions suggest that good things are ahead for NVIDIA, and that a beat might be in the cards for the upcoming report. Wall Street’s Next Amazon  Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It’s a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius. Click for details >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

https://www.kiplinger.com/article/investing/T058-C008-S001-red-hot-nvidia-must-post-pristine-earnings-nvda.html

Nvidia’s stock has rallied for years on AI and cloud computing, but Thursday’s Q3 earnings report is an important test. 
Getty Images
 



By Dan Burrows, Contributing Writer
            

November 8, 2017       
Investors expect big things from Nvidia Corporation (NVDA, $212.03) when the graphics chipmaker reports third-quarter results after Thursday’s closing bell. And considering Nvidia’s stock has more than tripled over the past year, it had better not disappoint. Investors expect big things from Nvidia Corporation (NVDA, $212.03) when the graphics chipmaker reports third-quarter results after Thursday’s closing bell. And considering Nvidia’s stock has more than tripled over the past year, it had better not disappoint. 

