https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/Tesla%2B%2528TSLA%2529%253A%2Bthe%2BFuture%2Bof%2BAutopilot%2B-%2BNomuraInstinet/13515599.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/why-market-is-losing-confidence-in-tesla/

Suddenly, there are some cracks in the armor at Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA). The TSLA stock price has dipped about 2o% from mid-September highs. Even with investors stepping in so far this month, I don’t think the decline has ended. As I’ve written many times before, the TSLA stock price is the barometer of an argument of what Tesla earnings will be next decade and beyond. Modeling those earnings comes down to confidence in Tesla’s products, quality and execution. And it’s starting to look like that execution seriously is being called into question. I asked in August if TSLA stock could survive any more broken promises. With Model 3 production the latest in a series of disappointments, that question seems more urgent than ever. The response from most TSLA bulls to the disappointing levels of Model 3 production is to advise patience. On this site in October, Luke Lango pointed out that production of the Model S and Model X started at similar levels. In both cases, early issues were fixed, and production schedules improved substantially and quickly. It’s a fair point, and it’s not as if Model 3 production is going to stay stuck at the three-per-day level cited for the beginning of the quarter. But the problem isn’t so much the nature of the ramp as the promises made. CEO Elon Musk guided for production of 1,500 Model 3 vehicles in Q3 as recently as August into the quarter. The figure instead was less than 300. And it’s just another in the series of broken promises from Tesla. “It’s just one quarter,” TSLA bulls say in response to the Q3 production miss. But it’s not. Second-half 2017 production was supposed to be 100-200 thousand, according to Musk in May 2016, as the Wall Street Journal pointed out last month. The company will wind up nowhere close. Musk said last October that there was no need for a capital raise for the Model 3. Tesla then issued stock in March, diluted shareholders and raised debt in August, though it framed that raise as simply providing a cash cushion. The point here is that while the bottleneck itself is a short-term problem — and a fixable one — it’s part of a broader pattern. Musk continues to overpromise and under deliver. At some point, that erodes the confidence investors hold in the company. Indeed, the debt issued in August already is selling below par, showing that risk-averse bondholders see the recent events as potentially meaningful. The problems aren’t limited to the Model 3. The Buffalo facility is behind schedule. SolarCity was barely mentioned on the Q3 conference call, and the promised solar roof tiles haven’t materialized. Increasingly, at least from my vantage point, the confidence in both Musk and Tesla is starting to fade. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/why-market-is-losing-confidence-in-tesla/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://theriponadvance.com/revenue-forecast-of-tesla-motors-inc-tsla-2/121135808/

Trading Statistics: Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) closed its previous trading session at $311.3 with the gain of 0.84%. The company’s market cap is $52.32 Billion, and the average volume is 5.66 Million. The Price to Sales (P/S) ratio of the stock is 4.86, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 11.05. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 3.51% whereas Month Volatility is at 3.16%. Earnings Forecast: An earnings forecast is an analyst’s outlook for a company’s future quarterly or annual earnings. Future earnings predictions are perhaps the most essential input when trying to value a company. 18 analysts on average are expecting Tesla Motors, Inc. to report earnings of $-3.07 per share for the current quarter. The Lower end of the earnings estimate is $-4.03, while the higher end of the earnings estimate is $-2.01. Comparatively, TSLA posted earnings of $-0.03 per share in the same quarter, a year earlier. Revenue Forecast: Analysts’ ultimate objective when projecting revenue is to determine the appropriate value for a stock. 17 analysts on average are expecting the company to report revenue of $3.33 Billion for the current quarter. The Higher end of the revenue forecast is $3.75 Billion, while the Lower end of the forecast is $3.14 Billion. TSLA generated revenue of $2.87 Billion in the same quarter, one year ago. Price Target Estimates: Price targets show what analysts believes a stock will be worth at the end of a certain time period. Price Target plays a critical role when it comes to the analysis of a Stock. Analysts on average have given a price target of $318.62 to Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) stock. (According to data compiled by finviz) Simple Moving Average Analysis: Moving average is significant analytical tool used to discover current price trends and the possibility for a change in an established trend. Simple moving average analysis helps investors to quickly identify if a security is in an uptrend or downtrend. According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at -3.1 percent, SMA50 is -9 percent, while SMA200 is -3.03 percent. Return on Assets (ROA) Analysis: ROA ratio indicates how profitable a company is relative to its total assets. The return on assets ratio shows how well management is employing the company’s total assets to make a profit. The bigger the return, the more efficient management is in utilizing its asset base. The ROA ratio is calculated by comparing net income to average total assets, and is expressed as a percentage. Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) currently has a Return on Assets (ROA) value of -5.5 Percent. Return on Investment (ROI) Analysis: Return on Investment measures the amount of return on an investment relative to the investment’s cost. The Return on Investment (ROI) ratio of Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) is -5.8 percent. Return on Equity (ROE) Analysis: ROE ratio is a measure of profitability which calculates how much dollars of profit a firm makes with every dollar of stakeholder’s equity. An increasing ROE indicates that a company is improving its ability to make profit without requiring as much capital. Usually, the ROE ratio’s between 12-15 percent are considered desirable. The Return on Equity ratio of Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) is -28.8 percent, according to data compiled by Finviz Analysts Ratings: A stock rating usually tells investors how well a stock’s market value relates to what analysts think is a fair value for the stock, based on an independent evaluation of the company. According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Finviz, the company has a consensus recommendation of 2.8 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Buy and 5 means Sell. Analyst Recommendation And Revisions: Tesla Motors, Inc. was covered by a number of analysts recently, 4 rated the stock as Buy, 8 rated Hold, 2 rated sell and 5 gave an Underperform. Stock Price Analysis: The purpose of a stock price analysis is to study the behaviour of stock prices. It helps investors in determining whether buying, selling or holding on to a stock would be beneficial for them. Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) stock price rose 70.13 percent over the past one year, while decreased -2.62 percent during the past 6 months. The stock plummeted -13.23 percent over the past month and rose 44.46 percent year-to-date. The stock’s quarterly performance represents pessimistic momentum of -14.8 percent. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/tesla-tsla-set-to-unveil-electric-semi-truck-on-thursday-cm876847

Tesla (Shutterstock photo) Even before the race for fully-autonomous cars — those that can actually drive themselves from point A to B without passenger intervention — have been won by the nation’s automakers, a battle is brewing to see who can produce the first driverless truck. Seen as highly disruptive to the global economy, which is worth an estimated $30 billion, Tesla (TSLA) wants to take lead in the commercial transport market. And on Thursday investors will get a chance to see how realistic the company’s ambition might be. CEO Elon Musk on Sunday tweeted that an unveiling will take place Thursday and will be broadcasted on the company’s site. The consummate sales agent, Musk, who had previously called the vehicle a "beast" and "unreal," on Sunday added that the sight of the electric semi truck "will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension.”  Tesla, which has been putting self-driving technology into electric trucks, until recently has been only testing prototypes. Not much has been shared about the vehicle beyond soft mentions in April and September. Morgan Stanley analysts Ravi Shankar and Adam Jonas noted in September noted that Tesla could force other truck manufacturers to play catch up and come up with their own commercial truck plans. The industry that has also attracted interest from Alphabet’s (GOOG , GOOGL) Waymo and Uber, among others. But Musk, who has had to postpone the unveiling on multiple occasions, now believes the company is ready for primetime, calling the truck “seriously next level.” His confident words has re-ignited Tesla stock, which rose more than 4% Monday. Autonomous technology enthusiasts believe the long-haul trucking industry can benefit immensely from these trucks. Aside from the cost savings that can be realized in terms of fuel charges, self-driving electric trucks will also allow drivers to rest more, and thus attract more driving candidates. Tesla’s battery-powered rig is said to have a driving range of 200 to 300 miles on a single charge, according to Reuters. While that driving range would be much smaller than trucks operating on conventional diesels, which can travel up to 1,000 miles on a single tank of fuel, fleet operators such as Scott Perry, an executive at Miami-based Ryder, are willing to give Tesla time to develop longer-range technology. “I’m not going to count them out for having a strategy for longer distances or ranges, but right out of the gate I think that’s where they’ll start,” said Perry, according to Reuters. After disappointing the Street recently with not only reporting a wider-than-expected third-quarter loss, the company also pushed back its previous production targets for its highly-anticipated mass-market Model 3 vehicle, Musk has gotten investors excited again. Now, to the extent that the truck’s unveiling on Thursday’s will “blow my mind,” that remains to be seen. At the time of publication, Saintvilus held shares in Tesla. 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/11/10771057/teslas-semitruck-unveil-a-preview

After having delayed the debut of its semitruck to focus on Model 3 hiccups and Puerto Rico’s energy needs, Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA) will unveil the electric truck Thursday. But it may not drive the sales investors want, according to Bernstein.  Bernstein analysts Toni Sacconaghi Jr. and David Vernon, who respectively cover the technology sector and logistics and transportation stocks, maintained a Market Perform rating on Tesla with a $265 price target. Expecting a Class 8 truck with a 300- to 450-mile range, Bernstein considers Tesla’s addressable market limited to less than half of the 940,000-unit-per-year semi market. Many drivers log 600 miles per day and may be disincentivized to delay deliveries with charging interruptions, the analysts said. A doubling of range would expand Tesla’s TAM to 100 percent, according to Bernstein.  Tesla may also face headwinds in relatively low fuel prices and uncertainty around charging rates, charge cycles and the role of autonomy, but its net present value may lend an edge, Sacconaghi and Vernon said.  Based on initial performance expectations, Bernstein projects a 3-percent market share over five years to contribute 7 percent of Tesla’s 2025 revenue forecasts. “On net, despite a potentially compelling value proposition, we do not see the Tesla Semi opportunity as a thesis changing initiative for the company, at least initially,” Sacconaghi and Vernon said, proposing a release date in mid-2019. “It is somewhat unclear why the company needs another major initiative (beyond Model 3, forthcoming Model Y, battery production, solar roofs and energy storage) on its already full plate.” Tesla is up 60 percent year-over-year but down 16 percent month-over-month. The firm posted a bottom-line quarterly miss Nov. 1 and has been dragged by Model 3 mishaps and EV tax credit uncertainties. At the time of publication, shares were trading up 1.3 percent at $307. Related Links:
Tesla Is To Vehicles What Apple Was To Cell Phones, According To This Analyst
Why Tesla's China Situation May Be More Favorable Than Previously Imagined  Photo courtesy of Tesla.  
View More Analyst Ratings for TSLA

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
 Posted-In: Bernstein David Vernon Model 3 Tesla SemiAnalyst Color Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tesla-inc-tsla-stock-upside-momentum-broken/

Shares of Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) have broken the bullish trend line following an earnings report that missed on nearly every metric. TSLA is still up a staggering 45% so far this year as faith and belief, not revenue or earnings, had taken shares to fresh all-time highs before the recent pullback. Faith and belief can only go so far, though, and I look for Tesla to have trouble heading appreciably higher for the foreseeable future. In my previous post on TSLA from Oct. 24, I felt that Tesla stock had topped out and was headed to $303, which proved to be the case. In a recent CNBC interview, noted TSLA bear Gabe Hoffman of Candens Capital highlights numerous issues surrounding the Model 3, autonomous driving and cash burn. He also says Tesla CEO Elon Musk makes Donald Trump look like an angel. While it certainly may be his short position in Tesla shares talking, many of the points made are absolutely valid. 
Click to Enlarge TSLA stock has suffered some serious damage from a technical perspective. Both the 50- and 200-day moving averages have been broken with conviction. A major head-and-shoulders double top has formed with the $320 neckline having been obliterated. The 200-day moving average of $320.42 also coincides with this major resistance area. TSLA is now down 20% from the all-time high near $390, which is indicative of a bear market. This all points to serious upside push back at the $320 level going forward for Tesla shares. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tesla-inc-tsla-stock-upside-momentum-broken/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.zacks.com/stock/news/282690/why-did-tesla-tsla-stock-pop-today

Benjamin Rains
                    November 13, 2017
 TSLA TWTR MS  Shares of Tesla (TSLA  -  Free Report)	 climbed on Monday morning after CEO Elon Musk announced that the company would unveil its first ever electric semi-truck later this week. Musk made it known via Twitter (TWTR  -  Free Report)	—where he has amassed nearly 15 million followers—that Tesla will officially show off its new all-electric semi-truck to an audience in Hawthorne, California on Thursday, Nov. 16. Tesla Semi Truck unveil to be webcast live on Thursday at 8pm! This will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension. Just need to find my portal gun ... The joke-filled tweet is only the latest in a series of posts related to Tesla’s first foray into commercial vehicles. Musk first announced on Twitter in September that the “Tesla Semi truck unveil & test ride tentatively scheduled for Oct 26th in Hawthorne.” He then continued, “worth seeing this beast in person. It's unreal.” The initial announcement helped lift Tesla’s stock price as investors were energized by the idea of another revenue stream and possible long-term shake-up of the massive trucking industry. However, Tesla’s CEO took to Twitter to let everyone know that the company changed the official semi-truck reveal date to mid-November, citing humanitarian reasons. Tesla Semi unveil now Nov 16. Diverting resources to fix Model 3 bottlenecks & increase battery production for Puerto Rico & other affected areas. The electric vehicle giant’s semi will reportedly have an initial range of 200 to 300 miles before needing to be recharged. Current diesel trucks can travel 1,000 miles or more on a single tank of gas. This likely means Tesla’s electric trucks will be confined to more localized routes upon their launch. Demand for the Tesla semi-trucks will be high, according to Morgan Stanley (MS  -  Free Report)	 analyst Ravi Shanker. For now, however, details surrounding how much Tesla will charge for the new electric semis is unclear. It is also uncertain when the trucks will go into production or when they will be available for purchase. Initial estimates for the semi truck seem to vary. Cowen analyst Jeffery Osborne doesn’t expect production of the electric semis to start until at least 2021, while analysts at Morgan Stanley note that they project semi-truck sales will start in 2020. Nonetheless, shares of Tesla popped on Monday morning after Musk’s Sunday tweet began to make the rounds. The positive news might help investors look past the fact that production of the company’s mass-market Model 3 sedan has failed to meet expectations, which helped Tesla remain highly unprofitable in its third-quarter. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >> Tesla Inc. (TSLA) - free report >> Twitter, Inc. (TWTR) - free report >> Morgan Stanley (MS) - free report >> Free Report for Zacks.com Visitors Our experts cut down 220 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys to the 7 that are most likely to jump in price immediately. For 28 years, the full Strong Buy list has averaged a stellar +25% per year. See its 7 best stocks now.    Privacy Policy | No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/tesla-tsla-set-to-unveil-electric-semi-truck-on-thursday-cm876847

Tesla (Shutterstock photo) Even before the race for fully-autonomous cars — those that can actually drive themselves from point A to B without passenger intervention — have been won by the nation’s automakers, a battle is brewing to see who can produce the first driverless truck. Seen as highly disruptive to the global economy, which is worth an estimated $30 billion, Tesla (TSLA) wants to take lead in the commercial transport market. And on Thursday investors will get a chance to see how realistic the company’s ambition might be. CEO Elon Musk on Sunday tweeted that an unveiling will take place Thursday and will be broadcasted on the company’s site. The consummate sales agent, Musk, who had previously called the vehicle a "beast" and "unreal," on Sunday added that the sight of the electric semi truck "will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension.”  Tesla, which has been putting self-driving technology into electric trucks, until recently has been only testing prototypes. Not much has been shared about the vehicle beyond soft mentions in April and September. Morgan Stanley analysts Ravi Shankar and Adam Jonas noted in September noted that Tesla could force other truck manufacturers to play catch up and come up with their own commercial truck plans. The industry that has also attracted interest from Alphabet’s (GOOG , GOOGL) Waymo and Uber, among others. But Musk, who has had to postpone the unveiling on multiple occasions, now believes the company is ready for primetime, calling the truck “seriously next level.” His confident words has re-ignited Tesla stock, which rose more than 4% Monday. Autonomous technology enthusiasts believe the long-haul trucking industry can benefit immensely from these trucks. Aside from the cost savings that can be realized in terms of fuel charges, self-driving electric trucks will also allow drivers to rest more, and thus attract more driving candidates. Tesla’s battery-powered rig is said to have a driving range of 200 to 300 miles on a single charge, according to Reuters. While that driving range would be much smaller than trucks operating on conventional diesels, which can travel up to 1,000 miles on a single tank of fuel, fleet operators such as Scott Perry, an executive at Miami-based Ryder, are willing to give Tesla time to develop longer-range technology. “I’m not going to count them out for having a strategy for longer distances or ranges, but right out of the gate I think that’s where they’ll start,” said Perry, according to Reuters. After disappointing the Street recently with not only reporting a wider-than-expected third-quarter loss, the company also pushed back its previous production targets for its highly-anticipated mass-market Model 3 vehicle, Musk has gotten investors excited again. Now, to the extent that the truck’s unveiling on Thursday’s will “blow my mind,” that remains to be seen. At the time of publication, Saintvilus held shares in Tesla. 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Options/Tesla%2B%2528TSLA%2529%2Bcall%2Bvolume%2Bincreases%2Binto%2Bdetails%2Bon%2Bits%2Belectric%2Bsemi-truck/13515558.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://www.metro.us/news/reuters/tesla-to-unveil-electric-big-rig-truck-midst-model-3-factory-hell-0

By Alexandria Sage SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Tesla Inc <TSLA.O> on Thursday will unveil a prototype electric big-rig truck, which may be able to drive itself, throwing the company into a new market even as it struggles to roll out an affordable sedan which is central to the company's future. Chief Executive Elon Musk has described electric trucks as Tesla's next effort to move the economy away from fossil fuels through projects including electric cars, solar roofs and power storage.  But some analysts fear the truck, named Tesla Semi, will be an expensive distraction for Tesla, which is burning cash, has never posted an annual profit, and is in self-described "manufacturing hell" starting up production of the $35,000 Model 3 sedan. The young market for electric cargo trucks is mostly focused on medium duty, rather than the heavy big rig market Tesla is after. The power capacity, weight and cost of batteries all limit a truck's ability, analysts say. Reuters in August reported that Tesla was working on self-driving technology for the truck. Several Silicon Valley companies see long-haul trucking as a prime early market for the self-driving technology, citing the relatively consistent speeds and little cross-traffic trucks face on interstate highways and the benefits of allowing drivers to rest while trucks travel.  The truck would have a working range of 200 to 300 miles (320 to 480 km), at the low end of what is considered "long-haul" trucking, Reuters reported. Diesel trucks are capable of traveling up to 1,000 miles (1,600 km) on a single tank of fuel. Musk, who has pushed back the debut twice, said this week that the truck would "blow your mind clear out of your skull" when it was introduced in a webcast on Thursday at 8 p.m. PST (0400 GMT Friday).  "Semi specs are better than anything I've seen reported so far. Semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now," Musk tweeted in October, announcing the second delay. "It can transform into a robot, fight aliens and make one hell of a latte," he added on Wednesday, posting a picture of a backlit, shadowed Semi with trapezoidal blue headlights. He has forecast large-scale production within a couple of years.  A Tesla truck with a range of 300 to 450 miles would be able to address less than half of the total semi-truck market, estimated Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi in a note on Monday. "It is somewhat unclear why the company needs another major initiative ... on its already full plate," wrote Sacconaghi.    (Reporting by Alexandria Sage; Editing by Peter Henderson and Lisa Shumaker) 

