http://www.nasdaq.com/article/notable-two-hundred-day-moving-average-cross-xom-cm878102

In trading on Wednesday, shares of Exxon Mobil Corp (Symbol: XOM) crossed below their 200 day moving average of $81.30, changing hands as low as $81.19 per share. Exxon Mobil Corp shares are currently trading down about 1.2% on the day. The chart below shows the one year performance of XOM shares, versus its 200 day moving average:     Looking at the chart above, XOM's low point in its 52 week range is $76.05 per share, with $93.22 as the 52 week high point - that compares with a last trade of $81.32.    According to the ETF Finder at ETF Channel, XOM makes up 23.47% of the iShares U.S. Energy ETF (Symbol: IYE) which is trading lower by about 1% on the day Wednesday.   Click here to find out which 9 other energy   stocks recently crossed below their 200 day moving average » makeArticleAd();        Click here to find out which 9 other energy   stocks recently crossed below their 200 day moving average »  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/15/should-you-invest-in-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-a-look-at-the-insider-trends-2/

Recent insider trends for Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) have caught the attention of investors. Analysts monitor insider data to understand the sentiment of a company’s largest and most important shareholders. XOM’s insider trading patterns have some implications for where the stock might be headed. Institutions own 52.09% of Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM)’s shares. The total value of these holdings, in millions, is $182,948. Among active positions in the latest quarter, 926 holders increased their positions by a total of 82.59 million shares, 1,110 holders decreased the positions by a total of 61.78 million shares, and 239 holders held their positions. This works out to a net increase in ownership of 20.81 million shares, and suggests that institutions are feeling bullish about the stock. Among new and sold out positions, 70 holders initiated new positions by a total of 11.05 million shares and 59 holders exited their positions by a total of 2.14 million shares. This nets out to an increase of 8.91 million shares and is a bullish sign for XOM. In the last three months, insiders executed a total of 3 trades. 3 were sells. Insider ownership decreased by a total of 23807 shares, which suggests that XOM’s key executives are feeling less optimistic about the outlook for the stock. The data from the past twelve months tells a different story: insiders executed 36 buys and 54 sells, and ownership increased by a net of 1.16 million shares. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Analysts often look at short interest, or the number of shares currently being shorted by investors, to aid in their outlook for a particular stock. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM)’s short interest is 0 shares. This represents an increase in the number of shares being shorted compared to the previous reading, and implies that investors felt less pessimistic about the stock during the past two weeks. Given what the insider ownership patterns are saying, it makes sense to consider the technicals to see if these pieces of information reach the same conclusion about the outlook for XOM. A composite of 13 technical indicators that includes measures such as moving averages and momentum oscillators suggests that XOM is a Weak sell, which implies that XOM is expected to underperform the market based on prior trading patterns. Conclusion 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Institutional ownership trends suggest that the stock is cheap and the insider trading data indicates that insiders are bearish. Technical indicators (also) suggest that Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is overvalued. 

https://stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/14/taking-a-look-at-the-data-behind-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-7/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Major Integrated Oil & Gas. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $82.89, down from yesterday’s close by -0.06%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis No amount of research is complete without a bird’s eye view of the financial data. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) currently trades with a market capitalization of $355.58 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 13.47 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For XOM, the company currently has $4.27 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $15.74 Billion current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $15.26 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.95 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 51.78% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis No analysis is ever complete without a thorough survey of a stock’s technical behavior. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Exxon Mobil Corporation recorded a 52-week high of $93.21. It is now trading 10.32% off that level. The stock is trading $81.82 its 50-day moving average by -1.07%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $76.05. In recent action, Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) has made a move of +0.10% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.32, and it’s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.78% with $4.23 Billion sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of XOM. 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/15/stocks-that-beat-the-best-in-todays-market-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom/


Adam Costello 
16 hours ago
NYSE, NYSE Mega
Leave a comment
 The top gainer with a security that increased in price during today’s trading was Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM). Exxon Mobil Corporation had a higher price at the close than it did at the open. The company holds a market cap of 352.79B with a P/E of 26.82 indicating whether its share price properly reflects its performance. Fundamentalists and value investors are seeing the low ratio of 1.44 as more positive – demonstrating that the company has a great deal of revenue with a fair price. However, technicians believes that a higher ratio would indicate the likelihood of a constant augmentation of the company’s share price. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s P/B is valued at 1.93 exhibiting the investor sentiment on the value of the stock to its actual value. A higher P/B ratio of Exxon Mobil Corporation is signposting that the investors have either overvalued it , or that its accountants have undervalued it. The P/B figure is also providing some ideas on whether the shareholders are paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately – but to consider that the company ought to have a lower P/B value. As of now, the increased share price of Exxon Mobil Corporation makes it a lucrative buy for investors. A change of -0.78% in the price clearly indicates a strong asset performance for the corporation, , bearing in mind the total returns from its investment and dividends or distributions obtained from the investment. The ROA of Exxon Mobil Corporation is currently valued at 3.80% indicating how profitable the company is in regards to its total assets. The figure tells us what earnings were generated from invested capital of Exxon Mobil Corporation. It gives investors a clue on how effective the company is in converting the money it has to invest into net income. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s ROI is valued at 0.60% relatively measuring the profitability on the investment. It evidently points out how profitable and preferable it is for the investors. The company has a current ratio of 0.9 gauging towards its ability in paying short-term and long-term obligations. With the existing current ratio, Exxon Mobil Corporation is more than equipped to confront its liabilities with its assets. Exxon Mobil Corporation has a quick ratio of 0.5 measuring its ability to meet its short term obligations with its most liquid assets. The high quick ratio specifies its better liquidity position on the credit terms the company has negotiated from its suppliers. The EPS growth this year is at -51.20% demonstrating an EPS growth of 14.25% in the coming year. This defines the most likely future of the stock price of Exxon Mobil Corporation. With this high EPSGR it is predicted that growth rate will rise faster as compared to its competitors in the same industry. As it upholds an amended rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target. Exxon Mobil Corporation NYSE : XOM | Wednesday, November 15, 2017    Tags (NYSE:XOM) Basic Materials Exxon Mobil Corporation Major Integrated Oil & Gas NYSE XOM 18 mins ago 1 hour ago 3 hours ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/16/analyzing-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-and-markwest-energy-partners-mwe.html


					Posted by Sebastian Weber on Nov 16th, 2017 // No Comments  Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM) and Markwest Energy Partners (NYSE:MWE) are both mid-cap oil & gas refining and marketing – nec companies, but which is the better investment? We will compare the two businesses based on the strength of their risk, analyst recommendations, profitability, dividends, institutional ownership, earnings and valuation.  Valuation & Earnings This table compares Exxon Mobil Corporation and Markwest Energy Partners’ revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation. Exxon Mobil Corporation has higher revenue and earnings than Markwest Energy Partners. Markwest Energy Partners is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Exxon Mobil Corporation, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks.  Insider and Institutional Ownership 50.8% of Exxon Mobil Corporation shares are held by institutional investors. 0.1% of Exxon Mobil Corporation shares are held by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that hedge funds, large money managers and endowments believe a stock is poised for long-term growth. Analyst Ratings This is a summary of recent recommendations and price targets for Exxon Mobil Corporation and Markwest Energy Partners, as provided by MarketBeat.  Exxon Mobil Corporation presently has a consensus price target of $86.33, indicating a potential upside of 6.31%. Given Exxon Mobil Corporation’s  higher possible upside, equities analysts clearly believe Exxon Mobil Corporation is more favorable than Markwest Energy Partners. Profitability This table compares Exxon Mobil Corporation and Markwest Energy Partners’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets. Dividends Exxon Mobil Corporation pays an annual dividend of $3.08 per share and has a dividend yield of 3.8%. Markwest Energy Partners does not pay a dividend. Exxon Mobil Corporation pays out 100.3% of its earnings in the form of a dividend, suggesting it may not have sufficient earnings to cover its dividend payment in the future. Exxon Mobil Corporation has increased its dividend for 6 consecutive years and Markwest Energy Partners has increased its dividend for 34 consecutive years.  Summary Exxon Mobil Corporation beats Markwest Energy Partners on 10 of the 13 factors compared between the two stocks. Exxon Mobil Corporation Company Profile Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products. The Company’s segments include Upstream, Downstream, Chemical, and Corporate and Financing. The Upstream segment operates to explore for and produce crude oil and natural gas. The Downstream operates to manufacture and sell petroleum products. The Chemical segment operates to manufacture and sell petrochemicals. The Company has exploration and development activities in projects located in the United States, Canada/South America, Europe, Africa, Asia and Australia/Oceania. Markwest Energy Partners Company Profile MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. (MarkWest) is a master limited partnership engaged in the gathering, processing and transportation of natural gas; the gathering, transportation, fractionation, storage and marketing of natural gas liquids (NGLs), and the gathering and transportation of crude oil. The Company operates in four segments: Marcellus, Utica, Northeast and Southwest. The Marcellus segment provides integrated natural gas midstream services in southwestern Pennsylvania and northern West Virginia. The Company’s MarkWest Utica EMG provides gathering, processing, fractionation and marketing services. The Northeast segment assets include the Kenova, Boldman, Cobb, Kermit and Langley natural gas processing complexes, an NGL pipeline and the Siloam fractionation facility. The Company owns a system that consists of natural gas gathering pipelines, centralized compressor stations, two natural gas processing complexes and two NGL pipelines.  Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/interesting-january-2020-stock-options-for-xom-cm876441

Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist  at Stock Options Channel is Exxon Mobil Corp (Symbol: XOM). So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from the January 2020 expiration for XOM. The put contract our YieldBoost algorithm identified as particularly interesting, is at the $65 strike, which has a bid at the time of this writing of $2.40. Collecting that bid as the premium represents a 3.7% return against the $65 commitment, or a 1.7% annualized rate of return (at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  ).      Selling a put does not give an investor access to XOM's upside potential the way owning shares would, because the put seller only ends up owning shares in the scenario where the contract is exercised. So unless Exxon Mobil Corp sees its shares decline 21.6% and the contract is exercised (resulting in a cost basis of $62.60 per share before broker commissions, subtracting the $2.40 from $65), the only upside to the put seller is from collecting that premium for the 1.7% annualized rate of return. Turning to the other side of the option chain, we highlight one call contract of particular interest for the January 2020 expiration, for shareholders of Exxon Mobil Corp (Symbol: XOM) looking to boost their income beyond the stock's 3.7% annualized dividend yield. Selling the covered call at the $92.50 strike and collecting the premium based on the $2.84 bid, annualizes to an additional 1.6% rate of return against the current stock price (this is what we at Stock Options Channel refer to as the YieldBoost  ), for a total of 5.3% annualized rate in the scenario where the stock is not called away. Any upside above $92.50 would be lost if the stock rises there and is called away, but XOM shares would have to advance 11.5% from current levels for that to happen, meaning that in the scenario where the stock is called, the shareholder has earned a 14.9% return from this trading level, in addition to any dividends collected before the stock was called.makeArticleAd();    The chart below shows the trailing twelve month trading history for Exxon Mobil Corp, highlighting in green where the $65 strike is located relative to that history, and highlighting the $92.50 strike in red:       The chart above, and the stock's historical volatility, can be a helpful guide in combination with fundamental analysis to judge whether selling the January 2020 put or call options highlighted in this article deliver a rate of return that represents good reward for the risks. We calculate the trailing twelve month volatility for Exxon Mobil Corp (considering the last 252 trading day XOM historical stock prices  using closing values, as well as today's price of $82.93) to be 12%.    In mid-afternoon trading on Monday, the put volume among S&P 500 components was 922,980 contracts, with call volume at 1.60M, for a put:call ratio of 0.58 so far for the day. Compared to the long-term median put:call ratio of .65, that represents high call volume relative to puts; in other words, buyers are showing a preference for calls in  options trading  so far today. Find out which 15 call and put options traders are talking about today  .   Top YieldBoost XOM Calls »       Turning to the other side of the option chain, we highlight one call contract of particular interest for the January 2020 expiration, for shareholders of Exxon Mobil Corp (Symbol: XOM) looking to boost their income beyond the stock's 3.7% annualized dividend yield. Selling the covered call at the $92.50 strike and collecting the premium based on the $2.84 bid, annualizes to an additional 1.6% rate of return against the current stock price (this is what we at Stock Options Channel refer to as the YieldBoost  ), for a total of 5.3% annualized rate in the scenario where the stock is not called away. Any upside above $92.50 would be lost if the stock rises there and is called away, but XOM shares would have to advance 11.5% from current levels for that to happen, meaning that in the scenario where the stock is called, the shareholder has earned a 14.9% return from this trading level, in addition to any dividends collected before the stock was called.           Top YieldBoost XOM Calls »  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/interesting-fb-put-and-call-options-for-january-2020-cm876519

Investors in Facebook Inc (Symbol: FB) saw new options become available today, for the January 2020 expiration. One of the key data points that goes into the price an option buyer is willing to pay, is the time value, so with 795 days until expiration the newly available contracts represent a possible opportunity for sellers of puts or calls to achieve a higher premium than would be available for the contracts with a closer expiration. At Stock Options Channel  , our YieldBoost formula has looked up and down the FB options chain for the new January 2020 contracts and identified one put and one call contract of particular interest.    The put contract at the $175.00 strike price has a current bid of $23.55. If an investor was to sell-to-open that put contract, they are committing to purchase the stock at $175.00, but will also collect the premium, putting the cost basis of the shares at $151.45 (before broker commissions). To an investor already interested in purchasing shares of FB, that could represent an attractive alternative to paying $178.36/share today. Because the $175.00 strike represents an approximate 2% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 62%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 13.46% return on the cash commitment, or 6.18% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .  makeArticleAd();  Below is a chart showing the trailing twelve month trading history for Facebook Inc, and highlighting in green where the $175.00 strike is located relative to that history:       Turning to the calls side of the option chain, the call contract at the $195.00 strike price has a current bid of $25.80. If an investor was to purchase shares of FB stock at the current price level of $178.36/share, and then sell-to-open that call contract as a "covered call," they are committing to sell the stock at $195.00. Considering the call seller will also collect the premium, that would drive a total return (excluding dividends, if any) of 23.79% if the stock gets called away at the January 2020 expiration (before broker commissions). Of course, a lot of upside could potentially be left on the table if FB shares really soar, which is why looking at the trailing twelve month trading history for Facebook Inc, as well as studying the business fundamentals becomes important. Below is a chart showing FB's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $195.00 strike highlighted in red:    Considering the fact that the $195.00 strike represents an approximate 9% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 47%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 14.47% boost of extra return to the investor, or 6.64% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .    The implied volatility in the put contract example is 27%, while the implied volatility in the call contract example is 30%. Meanwhile, we calculate the actual trailing twelve month volatility (considering the last 252 trading day closing values as well as today's price of $178.36) to be 17%. For more put and call options contract ideas worth looking at, visit StockOptionsChannel.com.   Top YieldBoost Calls of the Nasdaq 100 »     Because the $175.00 strike represents an approximate 2% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 62%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 13.46% return on the cash commitment, or 6.18% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .         Considering the fact that the $195.00 strike represents an approximate 9% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 47%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 14.47% boost of extra return to the investor, or 6.64% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .     Top YieldBoost Calls of the Nasdaq 100 »  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/16/these-stocks-might-change-the-kismet-of-investors-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-oracle-corporation-orcl/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) market capitalization at present is $348.37B at the rate of $81.21 a share. The firm’s price-to-sales ratio was noted 1.42 in contrast with an overall industry average of 1.35. Most of the active traders and investors are keen to find ways to compare the value of stocks. The price-to-sales ratio offers a simple approach in this case. They just need to take the company’s market capitalization and divide it by the company’s total sales over the past 12 months. The lesser the ratio, the more attractive the investment. During the key period of last 5 years, Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) sales have annually surged -14.10% on average, however its earnings per share growth remained at -25.90%. How Company Returns Shareholder’s Value? Dividends is a reward scheme, that a company presents to its shareholders. There can be various forms of dividends, such as cash payment, stocks or any other form. This payment is usually a part of the profit of the company. A company’s dividend is mostly determined by its board of directors and it requires the shareholders’ approval. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) for the trailing twelve months paying dividend with the payout ratio of 98.73% to its shareholders. Currently it is offering a dividend yield of 3.75% and a 5 year dividend growth rate of 10.00%. Over the last year Company’s shares have been trading in the range of $76.05 and $93.21. The stock is above its 52-week low with 6.79% and is in the wake of its 52-week high with -12.88%. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Performance & Technicalities In the latest week Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stock volatility was recorded 0.93% which for the previous full month was noted 0.92%. Meanwhile the stock weekly performance was subdued at -2.71%, which was down for the month at -2.11%. Likewise, the upbeat performance for the last quarter was 6.49% and for the full year it was -6.46%. Moreover the Company’s Year To Date performance was -10.03%. Now a days one of the fundamental indicator used in the technical analysis is called Stochastic %D”, Stochastic indicator was created by George Lane. The stochastic is a momentum indicator comparing the closing price of a security to the range of its prices over a fix period of time. The gauge is based on the assumption that if price surges, the closing price tends towards the values that belong to the upper part of the area of price movements in the preceding period. On the other hand if price drops, the contrary is right. For Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM), Stochastic %D value stayed at 27.31% for the last 9 days. Considering more the value stands at 34.70% and 34.70% for 14 and 20 days, in that order. Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) closed at $48.82 a share in the latest session and the stock value rose almost 26.97% since the beginning of this year. The company has managed to keep price to sales ratio of 5.36 against an industry average of 5.49. The price to sales ratio is the ratio of the market value of equity to the sales. This ratio is internally not steady, since the market value of equity is divided by the total revenues of the firm. Its revenue stood at 0.30% a year on average in the period of last five years. Firm’s net income measured an average growth rate of 2.50%. Following last close company’s stock, is -1.48% below their SMA 50 and -8.13% below the 52-week high. A simple moving average (SMA) is an mathematical moving average calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods and then dividing this total by the number of time periods. Its most recent closing price has a distance of -2.31% from SMA20 and is 4.06% above than SMA200. In-Depth Technical Study Investors generally keep an extensive variety of technical indicators at their disposal for completing technical stock analysis. The average true range is a moving average, generally 14 days, of the true ranges. The average true range (ATR) was fashioned to allow traders to more precisely evaluate the daily volatility of an asset by using straightforward calculations. However the indicator does not specify the price direction, rather it is used first and foremost to measure volatility caused by gaps and limit up or down moves. The ATR is fairly simple to calculate and only needs historical price data. ATR is counted for different periods, like 9-day, 14-day, 20-day, 50-day and 100-day. At the moment, the 14-day ATR for Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) is noted at 0.64. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/16/hsbc-holdings-plc-reiterates-77-00-price-target-for-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom.html


					Posted by Tatum Peregrin on Nov 16th, 2017 // No Comments   lowered shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) from a hold rating to a reduce rating in a research report report published on Tuesday, November 7th, Marketbeat reports. They currently have $77.00 target price on the oil and gas company’s stock, down from their prior target price of $83.60. A number of other equities analysts have also commented on XOM. Vetr upgraded shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $79.60 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, August 29th. Wolfe Research lowered shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation from a market perform rating to an underperform rating in a report on Monday, July 17th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation from a hold rating to a strong sell rating in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Societe Generale  set a $95.00 target price on shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies  set a $76.00 target price on shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Friday, August 25th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating, ten have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. Exxon Mobil Corporation  has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $85.77. Shares of Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE XOM) opened at $81.21 on Tuesday. Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 12 month low of $76.05 and a 12 month high of $93.22. The stock has a market cap of $348,459.59, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.10, a PEG ratio of 1.74 and a beta of 0.84. The company has a current ratio of 0.85, a quick ratio of 0.54 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.13.  Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, October 27th. The oil and gas company reported $0.93 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.04. Exxon Mobil Corporation had a net margin of 5.14% and a return on equity of 8.21%. The firm had revenue of $66.17 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $63.51 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.63 EPS.  sell-side analysts predict that  Exxon Mobil Corporation will post 3.62 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Lowers Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) to Reduce” was  published by The Ledger Gazette and is the property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/16/hsbc-holdings-plc-reiterates-77-00-price-target-for-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom.html.  The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, December 11th. Stockholders of record on Monday, November 13th will be paid a dividend of $0.77 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, November 10th. This represents a $3.08 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.79%. Exxon Mobil Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 100.33%.  In related news, VP Robert Stuart Franklin sold 22,656 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, September 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.76, for a total value of $1,807,042.56. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 231,572 shares in the company, valued at approximately $18,470,182.72. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Company insiders own  0.08% of the company’s stock.  A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of XOM. State Street Corp boosted its holdings in  Exxon Mobil Corporation by 7.9% in the 1st quarter. State Street Corp now owns 215,767,383 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $17,695,085,000 after purchasing an additional 15,740,895 shares during the period.  Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its holdings in  Exxon Mobil Corporation by 3.5% in the 2nd quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 309,411,379 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $24,978,780,000 after purchasing an additional 10,366,636 shares during the period.  First Eagle Investment Management LLC boosted its holdings in  Exxon Mobil Corporation by 136,463.4% in the 2nd quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC now owns 7,139,533 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $576,374,000 after purchasing an additional 7,134,305 shares during the period.  Stifel Financial Corp boosted its holdings in  Exxon Mobil Corporation by 37,429.2% in the 3rd quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 3,774,313 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $309,285,000 after purchasing an additional 3,764,256 shares during the period.  Finally, Harbour Capital Advisors LLC boosted its holdings in  Exxon Mobil Corporation by 8,029.5% in the 2nd quarter. Harbour Capital Advisors LLC now owns 3,741,755 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $46,349,000 after purchasing an additional 3,695,728 shares during the period. 50.84% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.  About Exxon Mobil Corporation Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products.   Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/16/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-given-a-84-00-price-target-at-wells-fargo-company.html


					Posted by Shawn Bailey on Nov 16th, 2017 // No Comments  Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) has been given a $84.00 target price by stock analysts at Wells Fargo & Company  in a research report issued on Monday, October 30th. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the oil and gas company’s stock. Wells Fargo & Company’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 3.44% from the company’s previous close. Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on XOM. Cowen and Company  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $100.00 target price on shares of Exxon Mobil in a report on Tuesday, September 19th. Societe Generale  set a $95.00 target price on Exxon Mobil and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, July 14th. Vetr cut Exxon Mobil from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $89.82 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, July 4th. Morgan Stanley  set a $81.00 price target on Exxon Mobil and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada cut Exxon Mobil from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $96.00 to $95.00 in a report on Thursday, July 6th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating, ten have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the stock. Exxon Mobil currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $85.77. Exxon Mobil (XOM) opened at $81.21 on Monday. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.13, a quick ratio of 0.54 and a current ratio of 0.85. The firm has a market capitalization of $344,100.00, a P/E ratio of 23.28, a PEG ratio of 1.75 and a beta of 0.83. Exxon Mobil has a 52 week low of $76.05 and a 52 week high of $93.22.  Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, October 27th. The oil and gas company reported $0.93 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $66.17 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $63.51 billion. Exxon Mobil had a return on equity of 8.81% and a net margin of 6.34%. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.63 EPS.  research analysts anticipate that  Exxon Mobil will post 3.62 earnings per share for the current year.  WARNING: This report was first  reported by StockNewsTimes and is owned by of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/16/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-given-a-84-00-price-target-at-wells-fargo-company.html.  In other news, VP Robert Stuart Franklin sold 22,656 shares of Exxon Mobil stock in a transaction on Monday, September 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.76, for a total value of $1,807,042.56. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 231,572 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $18,470,182.72. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 0.08% of the stock is owned by insiders.  A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the business. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Exxon Mobil by 27.2% in the second quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 1,366 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $110,000 after buying an additional 292 shares during the period.  CWH Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Exxon Mobil in the second quarter worth about $114,000.  Horan Securities Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Exxon Mobil by 20.8% in the second quarter. Horan Securities Inc. now owns 1,511 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 260 shares during the period.  Litman Gregory Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Exxon Mobil in the third quarter worth about $131,000.  Finally, Watermark Asset Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of  Exxon Mobil in the first quarter worth about $136,000. 50.84% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.  About Exxon Mobil Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products.   Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

