http://www.nasdaq.com/article/agn-december-8th-options-begin-trading-cm866236

Investors in Allergan PLC (Symbol: AGN) saw new options begin trading today, for the December 8th expiration. At Stock Options Channel  , our YieldBoost formula has looked up and down the AGN options chain for the new December 8th contracts and identified one put and one call contract of particular interest.    The put contract at the $175.00 strike price has a current bid of $4.40. If an investor was to sell-to-open that put contract, they are committing to purchase the stock at $175.00, but will also collect the premium, putting the cost basis of the shares at $170.60 (before broker commissions). To an investor already interested in purchasing shares of AGN, that could represent an attractive alternative to paying $177.76/share today. Because the $175.00 strike represents an approximate 2% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 58%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.51% return on the cash commitment, or 21.32% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .  makeArticleAd();  Below is a chart showing the trailing twelve month trading history for Allergan PLC, and highlighting in green where the $175.00 strike is located relative to that history:       Turning to the calls side of the option chain, the call contract at the $180.00 strike price has a current bid of $3.85. If an investor was to purchase shares of AGN stock at the current price level of $177.76/share, and then sell-to-open that call contract as a "covered call," they are committing to sell the stock at $180.00. Considering the call seller will also collect the premium, that would drive a total return (excluding dividends, if any) of 3.43% if the stock gets called away at the December 8th expiration (before broker commissions). Of course, a lot of upside could potentially be left on the table if AGN shares really soar, which is why looking at the trailing twelve month trading history for Allergan PLC, as well as studying the business fundamentals becomes important. Below is a chart showing AGN's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $180.00 strike highlighted in red:    Considering the fact that the $180.00 strike represents an approximate 1% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 53%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.17% boost of extra return to the investor, or 18.37% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .    The implied volatility in the put contract example is 31%, while the implied volatility in the call contract example is 28%. Meanwhile, we calculate the actual trailing twelve month volatility (considering the last 253 trading day closing values as well as today's price of $177.76) to be 24%. For more put and call options contract ideas worth looking at, visit StockOptionsChannel.com.   Top YieldBoost Calls of the S&P 500 »   Because the $175.00 strike represents an approximate 2% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 58%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.51% return on the cash commitment, or 21.32% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .    Considering the fact that the $180.00 strike represents an approximate 1% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 53%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.17% boost of extra return to the investor, or 18.37% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .   Top YieldBoost Calls of the S&P 500 » 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.




http://www.nasdaq.com/article/allergan-agn-to-report-q3-earnings-whats-in-the-cards-cm866154

  Allergan plc AGN  will report third-quarter 2017 earnings on Nov 1, before the market opens. Last quarter, the company delivered a positive earnings surprise of 1.77%. Allergan's share price has declined 14.1% this year so far, outperforming the 27.6% decline witnessed by the industry  .    Allergan's earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%. Let's see how things are shaping up for this announcement.   Factors to Consider   At the Q2 call, Allergan had said that third-quarter revenues are expected to be at similar levels to the second quarter. Second-quarter revenues rose 8.8% year over year. Third quarter revenues are likely to be driven by new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi, international growth and growth from key established products like Botox and Linzess. However, Namenda IR is facing generic competition, which will continue to hurt sales of the drug. Meanwhile, Namenda XR sales also declined in the previous quarters due to lower demand and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept. The company does not expect a generic version of Namenda XR to be launched until first quarter of 2018. Investors will be interested to find out how Namzaric performed in the quarter. Last quarter, Allergan saw improved sales of Namzaric due to continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages. The positive trend is expected to continue. Meanwhile, the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (Jan 2017) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (Apr 2017) acquisitions are likely to support the top line in the quarter. However, loss of exclusivity of Asacol HD and Minastrin may remain an overhang on the top line. Higher promotional expenses for key products, increased costs to support an advancing pipeline and the addition of lower margin LifeCell and ZELTIQ acquisitions can put pressure on Allergan's margins. In fact, at the Q2 call, Allergan mentioned that SG&A and R&D expenses will be higher in the third quarter compared with the fourth quarter. Higher promotional activities, given the timing of new launches and continued strong promotion for key brands, are expected to lead to higher sales and marketing costs in the third quarter. Investors will also be keen to know management's plans to protect Restasis, its second best-selling drug, from generic competition. Earlier this month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering Restasis, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire on Aug 27, 2024. Allergan also came under fire recently for its agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company to protect Restasis from generic competition. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drugmakers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs. Investors will also be interested to know the impact of new competition on Allergan's key products - Restasis and Linzess. Shire's SHPG  dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy's Trulance (plecanatide) was launched in the second quarter for CIC, which could pose competition to Linzess.   Earnings Whispers   Our proven model does not conclusively show that Allergan is likely to beat on earnings this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP  and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here, as you will see below.  Zacks ESP:  The Most Accurate estimate stands at $4.03, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged higher at $4.06. This results in an Earnings ESP of -0.69%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter  .  Zacks Rank:  Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4. We caution against Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions.  Stocks to Consider  Some stocks in the biotech/pharma sector that have a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank are: Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR  , scheduled to release results on Oct 31, has an Earnings ESP of + 5.53% and a Zacks Rank #3. You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   . Clovis Oncology, Inc. CLVS  , scheduled to release results on Nov 1, has an Earnings ESP of +2.01% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).  Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside?  Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.      Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.     See the pot trades we're targeting>>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  Allergan PLC. (AGN): Free Stock Analysis Report   Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (ACOR): Free Stock Analysis Report   Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS): Free Stock Analysis Report   Shire PLC (SHPG): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research  Allergan plc AGN  will report third-quarter 2017 earnings on Nov 1, before the market opens. Last quarter, the company delivered a positive earnings surprise of 1.77%.Allergan's share price has declined 14.1% this year so far, outperforming the 27.6% decline witnessed by the industry  .  Allergan's earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%.Let's see how things are shaping up for this announcement.  Factors to Consider  At the Q2 call, Allergan had said that third-quarter revenues are expected to be at similar levels to the second quarter. Second-quarter revenues rose 8.8% year over year. Third quarter revenues are likely to be driven by new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi, international growth and growth from key established products like Botox and Linzess.However, Namenda IR is facing generic competition, which will continue to hurt sales of the drug. Meanwhile, Namenda XR sales also declined in the previous quarters due to lower demand and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept. The company does not expect a generic version of Namenda XR to be launched until first quarter of 2018.Investors will be interested to find out how Namzaric performed in the quarter. Last quarter, Allergan saw improved sales of Namzaric due to continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages. The positive trend is expected to continue.Meanwhile, the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (Jan 2017) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (Apr 2017) acquisitions are likely to support the top line in the quarter.However, loss of exclusivity of Asacol HD and Minastrin may remain an overhang on the top line.Higher promotional expenses for key products, increased costs to support an advancing pipeline and the addition of lower margin LifeCell and ZELTIQ acquisitions can put pressure on Allergan's margins. In fact, at the Q2 call, Allergan mentioned that SG&A and R&D expenses will be higher in the third quarter compared with the fourth quarter. Higher promotional activities, given the timing of new launches and continued strong promotion for key brands, are expected to lead to higher sales and marketing costs in the third quarter.Investors will also be keen to know management's plans to protect Restasis, its second best-selling drug, from generic competition. Earlier this month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering Restasis, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire on Aug 27, 2024.Allergan also came under fire recently for its agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company to protect Restasis from generic competition. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drugmakers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs.Investors will also be interested to know the impact of new competition on Allergan's key products - Restasis and Linzess. Shire's SHPG  dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy's Trulance (plecanatide) was launched in the second quarter for CIC, which could pose competition to Linzess.  Earnings Whispers  Our proven model does not conclusively show that Allergan is likely to beat on earnings this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP  and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here, as you will see below. Zacks ESP:  The Most Accurate estimate stands at $4.03, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged higher at $4.06. This results in an Earnings ESP of -0.69%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter  . Zacks Rank:  Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4. We caution against Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions. Stocks to Consider Some stocks in the biotech/pharma sector that have a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank are:Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR  , scheduled to release results on Oct 31, has an Earnings ESP of + 5.53% and a Zacks Rank #3. You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   .Clovis Oncology, Inc. CLVS  , scheduled to release results on Nov 1, has an Earnings ESP of +2.01% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside? Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.     Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.    See the pot trades we're targeting>>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.




http://www.nasdaq.com/article/allergan-agn-to-report-q3-earnings-whats-in-the-cards-cm866154

  Allergan plc AGN  will report third-quarter 2017 earnings on Nov 1, before the market opens. Last quarter, the company delivered a positive earnings surprise of 1.77%. Allergan's share price has declined 14.1% this year so far, outperforming the 27.6% decline witnessed by the industry  .    Allergan's earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%. Let's see how things are shaping up for this announcement.   Factors to Consider   At the Q2 call, Allergan had said that third-quarter revenues are expected to be at similar levels to the second quarter. Second-quarter revenues rose 8.8% year over year. Third quarter revenues are likely to be driven by new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi, international growth and growth from key established products like Botox and Linzess. However, Namenda IR is facing generic competition, which will continue to hurt sales of the drug. Meanwhile, Namenda XR sales also declined in the previous quarters due to lower demand and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept. The company does not expect a generic version of Namenda XR to be launched until first quarter of 2018. Investors will be interested to find out how Namzaric performed in the quarter. Last quarter, Allergan saw improved sales of Namzaric due to continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages. The positive trend is expected to continue. Meanwhile, the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (Jan 2017) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (Apr 2017) acquisitions are likely to support the top line in the quarter. However, loss of exclusivity of Asacol HD and Minastrin may remain an overhang on the top line. Higher promotional expenses for key products, increased costs to support an advancing pipeline and the addition of lower margin LifeCell and ZELTIQ acquisitions can put pressure on Allergan's margins. In fact, at the Q2 call, Allergan mentioned that SG&A and R&D expenses will be higher in the third quarter compared with the fourth quarter. Higher promotional activities, given the timing of new launches and continued strong promotion for key brands, are expected to lead to higher sales and marketing costs in the third quarter. Investors will also be keen to know management's plans to protect Restasis, its second best-selling drug, from generic competition. Earlier this month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering Restasis, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire on Aug 27, 2024. Allergan also came under fire recently for its agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company to protect Restasis from generic competition. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drugmakers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs. Investors will also be interested to know the impact of new competition on Allergan's key products - Restasis and Linzess. Shire's SHPG  dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy's Trulance (plecanatide) was launched in the second quarter for CIC, which could pose competition to Linzess.   Earnings Whispers   Our proven model does not conclusively show that Allergan is likely to beat on earnings this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP  and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here, as you will see below.  Zacks ESP:  The Most Accurate estimate stands at $4.03, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged higher at $4.06. This results in an Earnings ESP of -0.69%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter  .  Zacks Rank:  Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4. We caution against Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions.  Stocks to Consider  Some stocks in the biotech/pharma sector that have a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank are: Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR  , scheduled to release results on Oct 31, has an Earnings ESP of + 5.53% and a Zacks Rank #3. You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   . Clovis Oncology, Inc. CLVS  , scheduled to release results on Nov 1, has an Earnings ESP of +2.01% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).  Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside?  Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.      Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.     See the pot trades we're targeting>>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  Allergan PLC. (AGN): Free Stock Analysis Report   Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (ACOR): Free Stock Analysis Report   Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS): Free Stock Analysis Report   Shire PLC (SHPG): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research  Allergan plc AGN  will report third-quarter 2017 earnings on Nov 1, before the market opens. Last quarter, the company delivered a positive earnings surprise of 1.77%.Allergan's share price has declined 14.1% this year so far, outperforming the 27.6% decline witnessed by the industry  .  Allergan's earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%.Let's see how things are shaping up for this announcement.  Factors to Consider  At the Q2 call, Allergan had said that third-quarter revenues are expected to be at similar levels to the second quarter. Second-quarter revenues rose 8.8% year over year. Third quarter revenues are likely to be driven by new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi, international growth and growth from key established products like Botox and Linzess.However, Namenda IR is facing generic competition, which will continue to hurt sales of the drug. Meanwhile, Namenda XR sales also declined in the previous quarters due to lower demand and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept. The company does not expect a generic version of Namenda XR to be launched until first quarter of 2018.Investors will be interested to find out how Namzaric performed in the quarter. Last quarter, Allergan saw improved sales of Namzaric due to continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages. The positive trend is expected to continue.Meanwhile, the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (Jan 2017) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (Apr 2017) acquisitions are likely to support the top line in the quarter.However, loss of exclusivity of Asacol HD and Minastrin may remain an overhang on the top line.Higher promotional expenses for key products, increased costs to support an advancing pipeline and the addition of lower margin LifeCell and ZELTIQ acquisitions can put pressure on Allergan's margins. In fact, at the Q2 call, Allergan mentioned that SG&A and R&D expenses will be higher in the third quarter compared with the fourth quarter. Higher promotional activities, given the timing of new launches and continued strong promotion for key brands, are expected to lead to higher sales and marketing costs in the third quarter.Investors will also be keen to know management's plans to protect Restasis, its second best-selling drug, from generic competition. Earlier this month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering Restasis, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire on Aug 27, 2024.Allergan also came under fire recently for its agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company to protect Restasis from generic competition. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drugmakers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs.Investors will also be interested to know the impact of new competition on Allergan's key products - Restasis and Linzess. Shire's SHPG  dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy's Trulance (plecanatide) was launched in the second quarter for CIC, which could pose competition to Linzess.  Earnings Whispers  Our proven model does not conclusively show that Allergan is likely to beat on earnings this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP  and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here, as you will see below. Zacks ESP:  The Most Accurate estimate stands at $4.03, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged higher at $4.06. This results in an Earnings ESP of -0.69%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter  . Zacks Rank:  Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4. We caution against Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions. Stocks to Consider Some stocks in the biotech/pharma sector that have a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank are:Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR  , scheduled to release results on Oct 31, has an Earnings ESP of + 5.53% and a Zacks Rank #3. You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   .Clovis Oncology, Inc. CLVS  , scheduled to release results on Nov 1, has an Earnings ESP of +2.01% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside? Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.     Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.    See the pot trades we're targeting>>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.




https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/10/27/allergan-plc-agn-what-are-the-technicals-saying/

Recent price movements in the stock of Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) have caught the attention of the investment community. Many experts agree that the truth about a stock is best reflected in the way it moves on the chart. For this stock, the chart has a lot to say about future performance.How has the stock performed recently?Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) in the last month has decreased -13.60%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and underperformed a peer group of similar companies by -505%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $176.33, AGN sits below its 52-week high. Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) has been trading in a bearish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages.Momentum indicators
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that AGN may be headed in the future. Fortunately, there is way to use the speed and magnitude of these price changes to predict future performance, thanks to what are known as momentum indicators. As momentum slows, it might be a sign that a support or resistance level has been reached, and that a trend is about to reverse. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for AGN is 24.84%, which suggests that the stock may be primed for a trend reversal or a breakout to the upside. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 3.33%, tells a similar story, and suggests that AGN currently trades in oversold territory.What do the trading volumes reveal?Volume patterns can also be useful for predicting future performance. When trading activity is abnormally high, it’s often a sign that the market feels particularly strong in one way or another about the future direction of a stock. Allergan plc (AGN) average trading volume of 4,297,425 during the past month is 56.24% above its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been more active than usual in the stock in recent times.What do the analysts think?AGN is currently undervalued by -29.67% relative to the average 1-year price target of $250.72 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 2.20, which implies that analysts are generally neutral in their outlook for AGN over the next year.How risky is the stock? When analyzing a stock’s price performance, it’s essential to take risk into account. Beta, which measures a stock’s volatility relative to the overall market, can be used to gauge the level of systematic risk associated with a particular stock.Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) has a beta of 1.15, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are more extreme than the market as a whole. AGN therefore has a above average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, AGN average daily volatility was 29.38%, which is -6.4 percentage points higher than the average volatility over the past 100 days.



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


https://kgazette.com/ball-bll-analysts-see-0-58-eps-nbt-bank-n-a-has-trimmed-jp-morgan-chase-co-jpm-position/



					

						October 27, 2017 - By Winifred Garcia
Nbt Bank N A decreased Jp Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) stake by 5.62% reported in 2017Q2 SEC filing. Nbt Bank N A sold 9,802 shares as Jp Morgan Chase & Co (JPM)’s stock declined 6.04%. The Nbt Bank N A holds 164,593 shares with $15.04M value, down from 174,395 last quarter. Jp Morgan Chase & Co now has $358.02 billion valuation. The stock increased 0.71% or $0.72 during the last trading session, reaching $101.74. About 120 shares traded. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) has risen 33.74% since October 27, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 17.04% the S&P500.

http://standardoracle.com/2017/10/27/allergan-plc-agn-insider-ownership-and-transactions/

Key StatisticsAllergan plc (AGN) declined -2.22% and closed its last trading session at $176.33. Its opening price on the last trading day was $180.34. The company’s market cap is $59.26 Billion. The company has 336.06 Million shares outstanding and 333.57 Million shares were floated in market. The short ratio in the company’s stock is documented at 2.3 and the short float is around of 2.03%. Allergan plc has been given an analysts’ mean target of 250.72.52-week High/LowThe highest price AGN stock touched in the last 12 month was $256.8 and the lowest price it hit in the same period was $174.66. Stock’s distance from 52 week High is -31.34% and the distance from 52 week Low is -1.13%.Share Volume AnalysisA total of 5.72 Billion shares exchanged at hands and its average trading volume is standing at 2.95 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 1.94.Stock PerformanceAllergan plc (AGN) performance during the last one year degraded -20.57 percent, while its year to date (YTD) performance showed a negative trend of -16.04 percent. The stock fell -27.69 percent over the past six months. The stock’s quarterly performance indicates a negative momentum of -30.31 percent, whereas its last one month trend is pessimistic with -15.35 percent. Its weekly performance showed downward trend of -6.84 percent.Profit Margins AnalysisProfitability analysis helps a great deal in making investment decision. Net profit margin of the company was recorded at 77.3 percent, operating profit margin was -20.8 percent, while gross profit margin stands at 87.1 percent.Key Ratios ReviewLiquidity ratios help investors to determine a company’s ability to pay off its debts. For the most recent quarter, quick ratio was 1.1, current ratio was 1.2, LT Debt/Equity ratio was 0.38 and Total Debt/Equity ratio stands at 0.43, while Payout ratio is 0.05.Return on Assets, Investment and EquityAllergan plc (AGN) has a Return on Assets of 8.9 percent, Return on Investment of 0.1 percent and a Return on Equity of 15.7 percent.Simple Moving AverageMoving averages are used as a strong indicator for technical stock analysis and it helps investors in figuring out where the stock has been and also helps in determining where it may be possibly heading. Now we look at the Moving Averages, the 200-day is -23.61%, the 50-day is -17.13% and the 20-day is -11.67%.EPS Growth AnalysisThe company’s diluted EPS for trailing twelve months was -11.66.EPS Estimate for the next year is 17.01.EPS Estimate for the next Quarter is 4.06.EPS Growth this year is 63.3 percent.Earnings and Sales GrowthEPS growth for the next 5 years is 11.27 percent.Annual EPS growth Past 5 years is -28.7 percent.Annual Sales Growth in the past 5 years was 26 percent.Quarterly Revenue Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 8.8 percent.Quarterly Earnings Growth on year-over-year basis stands at -88 percent.Investment Valuation RatiosThe company P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 0 and Forward P/E ratio is 10.36. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 3.93, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 0.84, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 10.17.Volatility AnalysisIf we look at the Volatility of Allergan plc (AGN), Week Volatility is 2.79%, whereas Month Volatility is at 2.84%.Technical IndicatorsAllergan plc (AGN)’s RSI (Relative strength index) is at 22.56, its ATR (Average True Range) value is 6.09, while its Beta factor was calculated at 1.15.Earnings Released DateThe company last reported its quarterly results on Nov 01 BMO.Analysts RecommendationAllergan plc (AGN) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 2.2.Insider Ownership and TransactionsAllergan plc’s insider ownership stands at 0.2 percent, while its insider transaction is -0.27 percent.Institutional Ownership and TransactionsInstitutional ownership refers to the ownership stake in a company that is held by large financial organizations, pension funds or endowments. Allergan plc’s institutional ownership is 86.1%, while its institutional transactions stand at 0.07%.

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/10/26/why-to-keeping-eye-on-allergan-plc-agn-roka-bioscience-inc-roka/

Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) plunged -1.41% with the closing price of $180.34. The overall volume in the last trading session was 7.15 million shares.Company Growth Evolution:ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at – in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry’s average stands at 5.79 and sector’s optimum level is 11.18.
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Allergan plc (AGN) have shown a high EPS growth of -28.70% in the last 5 years and has earnings rose of 63.30% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.20 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The stock appeared $256.80 above its 52-week highs and is down -3.64% for the last five trades. The stock ended last trade at $180.34 a share and the price is up more than -14.13% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 0.00 vs. an industry average at 0.52. Its sales stood at 26.00% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.Roka Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROKA) ended its day at $1.67 with the rising stream of 54.63% and its total traded volume was 7.15 million shares more than the average volume.Returns and Valuations for Roka Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROKA)Roka Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROKA), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry’s average. The average of this ratio is 5.79 for the industry and sector’s best figure appears 11.18. Roka Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROKA), at its latest closing price of $1.67, it has a price-to-book ratio of 0.00, compared to an industry average at 0.52. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you’re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.Roka Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROKA), stock is trading $6.75 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -7.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 17.70%. Its share price has decline -30.84% in three months and is down -6.18% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.00.

https://news4j.com/2017/10/25/shares-outperforming-todays-market-allergan-plc-agn/


Adam Costello 
2 days ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
Amid the all-time high stocks in today’s market is Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) that had a market cap of 61.47B. The company’s P/E was valued at *tba as it measures its current share price to its per-share earnings. At present, (NYSE:AGN)’s price is rolling at $182.92. A price change of -2.58% indicates a strong asset performance for the corporation, bearing in mind the total returns from its investment and dividends or distributions obtained from the investment. The financial condition of the company with an ROA of 8.90% indicates how profitable (NYSE:AGN) is relative to its total assets. The current rate provides an idea as to how efficient management is at using its assets to generate earnings. As the return on equity calculates the corporation’s profitability by revealing how much profit the company has generated alongside the money the shareholders have invested, (NYSE:AGN) shows an ROE of (put ROE code – cant find it). (NYSE:AGN)’s ROI is 0.10% signposting a better performance in the evaluation of the efficiency of an investment. By calculating the amount of return, the company’s current ratio – which is the liquidity and efficiency ratio – is measured at 1.2. The operating margin of (NYSE:AGN) is valued at -20.80% and the profit margin measures at 77.30%. The increased OM of (NYSE:AGN) measures the company’s improved pricing strategy and the proportion of its revenue which is left after paying its variable costs of production, e.g. wages, raw materials, etc. The profit margin has increased by 77.30% gauging the financial health of (NYSE:AGN). It also shows the how good the amount of profit for (NYSE:AGN) is relative to its total expenditure. The overall performance of (NYSE:AGN) for the week is at -7.51% with a rise compared to the last week, measuring a monthly rising rate of -13.56%. The weekly volatility have dropped down at 3.59% with a monthly decline of 2.80%, since the beginning of this month. The average volume for (NYSE:AGN) is currently rolling at 2.82B. The EPS growth this year is at 63.30% demonstrating a EPS growth of 4.99% for the following year. This exhibits in determining the most likely future of the stock price of (NYSE:AGN). With this high EPSGR it is predicted that growth rate will rise faster as compared to its competitors in the same industry. As it maintains an improved rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target. Tags (NYSE:AGN) AGN Allergan plc Healthcare NYSE4 mins ago4 mins ago4 mins agoYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  



https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/10/27/altavista-wealth-management-inc-increases-stake-in-allergan-plc-agn.html


					Posted by Amber O'Connor on Oct 27th, 2017 // No Comments Altavista Wealth Management Inc. boosted its holdings in shares of  Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) by 3.3% in the 2nd quarter, according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 16,630 shares of the company’s stock after acquiring an additional 525 shares during the period. Allergan PLC. accounts for approximately  2.0% of Altavista Wealth Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 18th biggest position. Altavista Wealth Management Inc.’s holdings in Allergan PLC. were worth $4,043,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in AGN. Howard Hughes Medical Institute purchased a new stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. in the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $103,000.  Jacobi Capital Management LLC grew its stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 4.9% in the 1st quarter. Jacobi Capital Management LLC now owns 472 shares of the company’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the period.  JNBA Financial Advisors grew its stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 2.5% in the 1st quarter. JNBA Financial Advisors now owns 487 shares of the company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 12 shares during the period.  Massey Quick & Co. LLC grew its stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 334.8% in the 2nd quarter. Massey Quick & Co. LLC now owns 500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 385 shares during the period.  Finally, Pacific Center for Financial Services grew its stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 805.1% in the 1st quarter. Pacific Center for Financial Services now owns 534 shares of the company’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 475 shares during the period. 82.04% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. AGN has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Allergan PLC. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $270.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $288.00 price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, August 5th. Royal Bank Of Canada  set a $285.00 price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, August 3rd. Deutsche Bank AG  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $278.00 price objective (up from $273.00) on shares of Allergan PLC. in a report on Wednesday, August 9th. Finally, Mizuho  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $267.00 price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. in a report on Wednesday, August 2nd. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned  a hold rating and twelve have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Allergan PLC. currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $252.39.Shares of Allergan PLC. (NYSE AGN) traded up 1.37% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $178.75. 3,365,740 shares of the stock were exchanged. Allergan PLC. has a 12-month low of $175.21 and a 12-month high of $256.80. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $208.20 and a 200 day moving average of $229.12. The firm has a market cap of $59.76 billion, a P/E ratio of 5.45 and a beta of 1.15. Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. The company reported $4.02 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.95 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $4.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.95 billion. Allergan PLC. had a return on equity of 7.37% and a net margin of 79.17%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 8.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $3.35 earnings per share.  Equities analysts forecast that  Allergan PLC. will post $16.21 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Investors of record on Friday, November 17th will be given a $0.70 dividend. This represents a $2.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.59%. Allergan PLC.’s payout ratio is 9.95%. Allergan PLC. declared that its board has initiated a stock buyback program on Monday, September 25th that authorizes the company to buyback $2.00 billion in    shares. This buyback authorization authorizes the company to purchase up to 2.8% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  buyback programs are generally a sign that the company’s management believes its shares are undervalued. Allergan PLC. Company ProfileAllergan, Inc is a multi-specialty healthcare company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices and over-the-counter (OTC) products. It discovers, develops and commercializes a range of products for the ophthalmic, neurological, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology, breast aesthetics, urological and other specialty markets.Receive News & Ratings for Allergan PLC. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allergan PLC. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/10/27/allergan-plc-agn-shares-bought-by-piedmont-investment-advisors-llc.html


					Posted by Rob Logan on Oct 27th, 2017 // No Comments Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC grew its holdings in  Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) by 1.1% in the 2nd quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 71,807 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 763 shares during the quarter. Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Allergan PLC. were worth $17,456,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors and hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AGN. Howard Hughes Medical Institute bought a new position in  Allergan PLC. during the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $103,000.  Jacobi Capital Management LLC increased its position in  Allergan PLC. by 4.9% during the 1st quarter. Jacobi Capital Management LLC now owns 472 shares of the company’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 22 shares in the last quarter.  JNBA Financial Advisors increased its position in  Allergan PLC. by 2.5% during the 1st quarter. JNBA Financial Advisors now owns 487 shares of the company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 12 shares in the last quarter.  Massey Quick & Co. LLC increased its position in  Allergan PLC. by 334.8% during the 2nd quarter. Massey Quick & Co. LLC now owns 500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 385 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Pacific Center for Financial Services increased its position in  Allergan PLC. by 805.1% during the 1st quarter. Pacific Center for Financial Services now owns 534 shares of the company’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 475 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own  82.04% of the company’s stock. Shares of Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) traded up 1.08% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $178.23. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,854,429 shares. Allergan PLC. has a 52 week low of $175.21 and a 52 week high of $256.80. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $208.20 and a 200-day moving average price of $229.12. The stock has a market capitalization of $59.58 billion, a PE ratio of 5.43 and a beta of 1.15. Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. The company reported $4.02 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.95 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $4.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.95 billion. Allergan PLC. had a net margin of 79.17% and a return on equity of 7.37%. The business’s revenue was up 8.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business earned $3.35 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Allergan PLC. will post $16.21 EPS for the current year. Allergan PLC. declared that its board has initiated a share buyback program on Monday, September 25th that allows the company to repurchase $2.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This repurchase authorization allows the company to repurchase up to 2.8% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase programs are often an indication that the company’s board believes its stock is undervalued. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, November 17th will be paid a dividend of $0.70 per share. This represents a $2.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.59%. Allergan PLC.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 9.95%. A number of analysts have commented on AGN shares. Citigroup Inc.  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $280.00 price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. in a report on Wednesday, September 20th. Piper Jaffray Companies  set a $227.00 price objective on Allergan PLC. and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, October 6th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $285.00 price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. in a report on Wednesday, September 6th. Deutsche Bank AG  set a $251.00 price objective on Allergan PLC. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 17th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company  set a $276.00 price objective on Allergan PLC. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 13th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned  a hold rating and twelve have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $252.39.About Allergan PLC.Allergan, Inc is a multi-specialty healthcare company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices and over-the-counter (OTC) products. It discovers, develops and commercializes a range of products for the ophthalmic, neurological, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology, breast aesthetics, urological and other specialty markets.Receive News & Ratings for Allergan PLC. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allergan PLC. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.

