https://qz.com/1113031/alphabet-goog-beat-on-q3-earnings-because-its-whole-business-is-still-google-googl/

Time is a flat circle.Alphabet announced its third-quarter earnings today (Oct. 26), and yet again, it brought in a ton of cash, almost entirely from Google’s advertising business.The company generated $27.8 billion in revenue, up 24% from the same quarter last year, making this Alphabet’s highest-revenue quarter ever. (The previous record was $26.06 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016.) Roughly $24.1 billion of that revenue, or about 87%, came from Google’s ad sales. Alphabet reported $7.8 billion in profit for the quarter, up about 35% from the same period a year earlier.Most of the remainder of Alphabet’s revenue, about $3.4 billion, came from other revenue streams at Google, including hardware sales, cloud services, and sales of subscription services like YouTube TV and Google Play music, chief financial officer Ruth Porat said on the company’s earnings call. Just $302 million (around 1% of Alphabet’s revenue) came from sales from every other Alphabet company, lumped into the “Other Bets” bucket of its earnings.Analysts surveyed ahead of earnings had expected Alphabet to only bring in around $22 billion in revenue. The large beat saw the company’s Class A shares rising over $40 (about 4%) in after-hours trading.It remains to be seen whether investors will tire of Alphabet relying on the same old revenue sources. The company has been massively successful selling ads against search results on its own sites and apps, and selling ads on other companies’ websites. While those businesses show no signs of slowing, Alphabet has also invested billions into researching and developing a series of ambitious “moonshot” projects. It’s unclear whether those so-called Other Bets will ever be as important to Alphabet’s bottom line as its search engine has been.Those moonshots include self-driving cars at Waymo, internet-beaming balloons and delivery drones in the X research lab, defeating death at Calico, and myriad other companies. They have largely been money pits for Alphabet since the company spun them out from its core Google business in 2015. The only real revenue that’s come out of Other Bets to date has been hardware sales from Nest, Alphabet’s internet-of-things device company, and Fiber, its fiber-optic internet service.

https://searchengineland.com/alphabet-goog-third-quarter-beats-estimates-27-8-billion-revenues-24-285675

Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape.Google parent Alphabet announced third-quarter results. Both revenues and earnings per share beat Wall Street estimates.The company reported roughly $27.8 billion in total revenues (up 24 percent), with Google contributing all but $302 million of that amount. Earnings per share were $9.57, which was about $1.24 higher than expected.Advertising generated just over $24 billion in quarterly revenue. Operating income was about $7.8 billion. However, traffic acquisition costs (TAC) rose to $3.1 billion (vs. $2.6 billion a year ago). There are sure to be analyst questions about that item.The revenue breakdown by segment:Paid clicks on Google properties were up 6 percent year over year and aggregate cost per click (CPC) was up 1 percent. Here’s more detail:Paid click growth was significant. However, CPCs were down (18 percent) from a year ago but up slightly (1 percent) from last quarter. Alphabet (GOOG) shares are up in after-hours trading.The company says it now has more than 78,000 employees, compared with just under 70,000 a year ago. The earnings call webcast is happening now.Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group.March 13-15, 2018: SMX WestJune 11-13, 2018: SMX AdvancedGain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held:April 23-25, 2018: San Jose

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/alphabet-inc-goog-googl-has-broken-out-to-a-new-high-on-q3-results-20171027-00704

 (RTTNews.com) - Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) reported third quarter EPS of $9.57 after the close Thursday, up from $7.25 a year ago. The consensus estimate was for EPS of $8.33.Alphabet has gapped open sharply higher Friday morning and is now up 43.55 at $1034.97. The stock has broken out past resistance and has set a new high for the year.For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/10/10241302/alphabets-q3-shows-top-line-upside-across-the-board

Commenting on  Alphabet Inc  (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG)'s third-quarter results, Wells Fargo Securities said the revenue upside was seen across all major segments.As such, the firm maintains its Overweight rating on the shares of the company and raised its price target from $1,250 to $1,275.At time of writing, both classes of Alphabet shares were rallying, with GOOG up 6.36 percent at $1,043.43 and GOOGL up 5.86 percent at $1,049.51.Analyst Ken Sena noted that the  company  reported better-than-expected revenue growth and operating leverage for its September quarter, with the company crediting the outperformance to early bet on AI.Reported gross revenues rose about 24 percent year over year to $27.7 billion, ahead of the analyst's 22 percent estimate. The analyst noted that the third quarter marked the seventh quarter in a row of consecutive acceleration when adjusted for comparisons.Additionally, the analyst said higher margins led to a 10-percent EBIT and a 12-percent EPS beat.Among the segments, Wells Fargo said sites and network revenues beat estimates by 2 percent and 3 percent, respectively to $19.7 billion and $4.34 billion, with the company crediting the strength to  mobile,  YouTube, programmatic and AdMob. Other Bets revenues came in at $302 million, $50 million more than expected, the firm added.See also:  Google's Amazing Worldwide Ad Revenue The firm noted that Core Other revenues were roughly in line at $3.4 billion. The firm also noted traffic acquisition cost as a percent of revenues were 40 basis point above expectations and operating leverage in R&D and G&A helped drive 330 basis points of overall GAAP operating margin leverage.Citing the quarterly beat, the firm raised its fourth-quarter net revenue estimate by 2 percent to $25.92 billion and GAAP operating income estimate by 3 percent to $8.45 billion, with higher margins driven primarily by additional expense control in R&D and G&A. The firm also raised its 2018 net revenues estimate by 2 percent to $107.44 billion and GAAP operating income estimate by 5 percent to $35.72 billion."We view this quarter as further supporting our view that an inflection in compute stands to pave a path for Google into a growing number of industries, where vehicles (e.g., Waymo) remains one of several, and we view GOOGL's leading position here as sufficient enough to offset known overhangs (i.e., EU Regulatory, GDPR, etc.)," the firm said.
View More Analyst Ratings for GOOGL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Guidance Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.

http://www.zdnet.com/article/goog-q3-analysis-googles-rapidly-narrowing-future/

MobilityFossil Q Explorist and Venture hands-on: Android Wear fashion watches with full round display

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in.Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year.Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future.But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify.It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads.Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters:What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to.

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in.Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year.Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future.But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify.It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads.Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters:What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to.

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alphabet-goog-a-hold-on-lackluster-industry-group-rank/

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is ranked as a Hold using Louis Navellier's approach to investing and his Portfolio Grader stock evaluator.  GOOG has maintained this ranking for 3 months.GOOG is a component of the 133 company Internet Software & Services GICS industry group, which is part of the 705 company GICS Information Technology sector. GOOG's market value is $684.7 billion which places it in the top 10% of its industry group The current Portfolio Grader ranking for GOOG puts it 79 among the 133 companies in this industry group, giving it a below-average spot. Currently, Portfolio Grader ranks the Information Technology sector number 6 among the 12 sectors in its universe putting it in the third quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 24 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it near the average in terms of the Navellier scoring system.Alphabet has realized above-average scores in 3 of the 8 fundamental areas appraised by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average scores in 5 of the areas evaluated in the ranking of company stocks.The company's operational scores provide mixed results with a ranking for operating margin and earnings growth that are below average, while the score for sales growth is above average. Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with rankings for earnings revisions and earnings momentum that are worse than average, while the score for earnings surprises is better than average. GOOG's grade for return on equity is noticeably better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average. These fundamental scores give Alphabet a position in the third quartile of the industry group. Quantitatively, Portfolio Grader uses the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score to view GOOG's shares from the aspect of risk/reward. This exclusive scoring system balances the relative value of the company's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, GOOG currently scores as average in its industry group compared to its peers.Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here.Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies.Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alphabet-goog-a-hold-on-lackluster-industry-group-rank/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://qz.com/1112174/what-to-expect-when-twitter-facebook-and-google-testify-in-congress/

Top lawyers from Facebook, Google, and Twitter will be grilled in Congress next week about the role the companies played in Russia’s attempt to influence the US presidential election.Their public testimony in front of the House and Senate is expected to paint the most comprehensive picture yet of how Russian government-linked accounts spread divisive messages and fake news to US voters, in an attempt to sway the election in favor of Donald Trump. The companies are also a focus of FBI special counsel Robert Mueller’s probe.At 9:30am on Wednesday (Nov. 1), Facebook general counsel Colin Stretch, Twitter general counsel Sean Edgett and Google general counsel Kent Walker will testify in front of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. And at 2:00pm the same day, the same men will appear in front of the House intelligence committee’s Russia Investigative Task Force. The hearings will be broadcast live.Congressional hearings like this are part education, part political theater—they’re designed to inform US citizens about an ongoing issue, lay out how widespread or problematic it is, and give a sense of how far along the investigation is. Both Congress and the individuals testifying have probably gone through some of the questions privately, but now the answers will be public record.In recent months, Facebook found 3,000 ads linked to Russian accounts that violated company policy, Twitter has disclosed 200, and Google found ads linked to Russian accounts on YouTube, Gmail, and Google Search products. Russian actors were expert at finding the fault lines in America, and focused on issues like LGBTQ rights, border security, police brutality, and immigration, Congressional aides have said.Several Congressional aides Quartz spoke to ahead of the hearing emphasized that there’s a growing sense in Congress that there’s no way to entirely regulate away fake news and propaganda—US voters will need to be more skeptical about what they read on the internet. This hearing will make that plain, they said.Congress members want to paint a clear picture of what happened, so expect lots of specifics.“We’re taking this seriously” is likely to be the main message, as companies try to prove they’re moving fast to identify problem accounts and shut them down.Members of Congress in both houses have been frustrated by how uncooperative these companies were at first, and how perfunctory they felt their preliminary searches were for Russian-linked users. (That has changed in recent weeks, Congressional aides say.)Already, Senators have written a bill that would require companies to provide more information about political ads, and companies are eager to prove there’s no need for even more regulation.“We need your help” may be another message from companies, which have expressed frustration that the FBI and other US investigators identified propaganda on their platforms ahead of the election, but didn’t point it out.Don’t expect any bombshells connecting the Trump campaign team and the Russian propaganda effort. If it does exist, that sort of sensitive information will be divulged by the FBI when its investigation is finished.

https://qz.com/1112174/what-to-expect-when-twitter-facebook-and-google-testify-in-congress/

Top lawyers from Facebook, Google, and Twitter will be grilled in Congress next week about the role the companies played in Russia’s attempt to influence the US presidential election.Their public testimony in front of the House and Senate is expected to paint the most comprehensive picture yet of how Russian government-linked accounts spread divisive messages and fake news to US voters, in an attempt to sway the election in favor of Donald Trump. The companies are also a focus of FBI special counsel Robert Mueller’s probe.At 9:30am on Wednesday (Nov. 1), Facebook general counsel Colin Stretch, Twitter general counsel Sean Edgett and Google general counsel Kent Walker will testify in front of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. And at 2:00pm the same day, the same men will appear in front of the House intelligence committee’s Russia Investigative Task Force. The hearings will be broadcast live.Congressional hearings like this are part education, part political theater—they’re designed to inform US citizens about an ongoing issue, lay out how widespread or problematic it is, and give a sense of how far along the investigation is. Both Congress and the individuals testifying have probably gone through some of the questions privately, but now the answers will be public record.In recent months, Facebook found 3,000 ads linked to Russian accounts that violated company policy, Twitter has disclosed 200, and Google found ads linked to Russian accounts on YouTube, Gmail, and Google Search products. Russian actors were expert at finding the fault lines in America, and focused on issues like LGBTQ rights, border security, police brutality, and immigration, Congressional aides have said.Several Congressional aides Quartz spoke to ahead of the hearing emphasized that there’s a growing sense in Congress that there’s no way to entirely regulate away fake news and propaganda—US voters will need to be more skeptical about what they read on the internet. This hearing will make that plain, they said.Congress members want to paint a clear picture of what happened, so expect lots of specifics.“We’re taking this seriously” is likely to be the main message, as companies try to prove they’re moving fast to identify problem accounts and shut them down.Members of Congress in both houses have been frustrated by how uncooperative these companies were at first, and how perfunctory they felt their preliminary searches were for Russian-linked users. (That has changed in recent weeks, Congressional aides say.)Already, Senators have written a bill that would require companies to provide more information about political ads, and companies are eager to prove there’s no need for even more regulation.“We need your help” may be another message from companies, which have expressed frustration that the FBI and other US investigators identified propaganda on their platforms ahead of the election, but didn’t point it out.Don’t expect any bombshells connecting the Trump campaign team and the Russian propaganda effort. If it does exist, that sort of sensitive information will be divulged by the FBI when its investigation is finished.

