https://kldaily.com/tableau-software-inc-data-analysts-see-0-37-eps/



					

						November 2, 2017 - By Migdalia James
 
Investors sentiment increased to 1.78 in Q2 2017. Its up 0.90, from 0.88 in 2017Q1. It increased, as 20 investors sold Tableau Software Inc shares while 48 reduced holdings. 46 funds opened positions while 75 raised stakes. 60.01 million shares or 2.69% more from 58.44 million shares in 2017Q1 were reported.
 Fincl Bank Of America Corporation De has 118,621 shares. Retirement Of Alabama accumulated 80,000 shares. Fisher Asset Management Ltd Llc owns 170,920 shares or 0.02% of their US portfolio. First Republic Mgmt holds 0.01% or 14,651 shares. Jpmorgan Chase & Co owns 0.01% invested in Tableau Software Inc (NYSE:DATA) for 1.07 million shares. Credit Suisse Ag holds 0% or 49,678 shares in its portfolio. Dupont Cap Mgmt reported 9,598 shares or 0.01% of all its holdings. Pine River Capital Mgmt Limited Partnership has invested 0.01% in Tableau Software Inc (NYSE:DATA). Winfield Assocs holds 0% in Tableau Software Inc (NYSE:DATA) or 15 shares. Arrowmark Colorado Ltd Liability Company stated it has 15,000 shares or 0.01% of all its holdings. Estabrook Capital Management reported 0% stake. Oppenheimer Asset Mngmt Inc holds 11 shares. Manufacturers Life Ins Com The stated it has 0% in Tableau Software Inc (NYSE:DATA). The Colorado-based Institute For Wealth Management Lc has invested 0.07% in Tableau Software Inc (NYSE:DATA). Merriman Wealth Management Limited Liability accumulated 34,222 shares or 0.58% of the stock.  Analysts expect Tableau Software Inc (NYSE:DATA) to report $-0.37 EPS on November, 7.They anticipate $0.03 EPS change or 7.50 % from last quarter’s $-0.4 EPS. After having $-0.54 EPS previously, Tableau Software Inc’s analysts see -31.48 % EPS growth. About 457,058 shares traded. Tableau Software Inc (NYSE:DATA) has risen 25.71% since November 2, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 9.01% the S&P500. 

http://www.slate.com/blogs/future_tense/2017/11/02/apple_plans_to_share_some_iphone_x_face_id_data_uh_oh.html

Saeed Khan/AFP/Getty Images Face ID is one of the hallmark features of the iPhone X. Using facial recognition, you can unlock your phone almost as quickly as if you had no device security enabled at all—all you have to do is stare at it. It’s convenient, and potentially more secure than a four- or six-digit passcode. And because your data is stored in the phone’s so-called secure enclave and not in the cloud (as Apple did with Touch ID’s fingerprint data), the impressively detailed digital map Apple makes of your face, and the more than 50 facial expressions it can recognize, are kept safe. For the most part. At launch, facial recognition data from Face ID will only be used by Apple to unlock your phone—and animate a handful of goofy emoji characters called Animoji. However, Apple plans to allow third-party app developers access to some of the biometric data Face ID collects. And this has some privacy experts concerned, as Reuters reports. Facial recognition is everywhere these days. It’s how Facebook suggests friends you should tag in photos, how Snapchat’s lenses so masterfully morph onto your face, and how Google Photos can so intelligently collect and organize photos of people you photograph often. Apple already uses facial recognition in its Photos app on iOS, too. But until now, these companies have kept their facial recognition data private. Allowing developers to access some of that data—even if it’s only a rough map of your face and facial expressions, not the full dataset it uses for biometric identification—is new, potentially scary territory. To use your facial data, developers must first ask your permission in their apps, and must not sell that information to other parties. Still, while it’s forbidden under Apple developer guidelines, privacy experts worry that developers might sell this data or use it for marketing or advertising purposes. (Imagine, if you will, an ad-supported gaming app that uses your current facial expression on your avatar. How valuable would it be for an advertiser to monitor what facial expressions you make as you watch their commercial in between rounds of gameplay?) It is a valid concern. There have been several instances of notable apps such as Path and Uber violating Apple’s guidelines. Back in 2013, Path was uploading the contacts from your address book to its own private servers without user permission. More recently, Apple CEO Tim Cook threatened to kick Uber out of the App Store for violating Apple’s privacy rules. The app tracked iPhone users’ location even after they’d deleted the app off of their phones. Other privacy experts, however, are confident in Apple’s abilities to appropriately manage Face ID data. “Apple has had great success historically imposing limitations on developers in exchange for access to their lucrative iOS user base, and I don't see that changing with Face ID,” Travis Jarae, CEO of identity and privacy research company OWI, said. Still, it could be a good idea for developers to hold back on rolling Face ID data and facial recognition into their own apps, even if just to feel out consumer sentiment. According to a survey of 500 social media users by photo vault app Keepsafe, 80 percent said they were uncomfortable with services using facial recognition, and nearly half said they’d turn it off given the choice. And as Slate’s April Glaser reported last month, Face ID has one more serious security concern: biometrics are not provided the same protection as passwords or PIN codes under the Fifth Amendment. “It has been argued that the courts could compel an individual unlock their phone using biometrics, as ‘attributes of the body’ are not protected under the Fifth Amendment,” Jarae said. This is similar to how a DUI suspect may be compelled to give a blood sample even if they refuse to provide a spoken testimony. Police can’t force you to turn over your passcode, but they can, theoretically, force you to unlock the phone with your face. Apple does have some security precautions in place here. For example, you’re supposed to look straight at the camera when using Face ID. If you avert your eyes while being forced to unlock your phone under duress, it shouldn’t work (early reviews confirm this). It’s still very, very early days for Face ID. It’s most likely that developers who want to use your face data will only want to use it to personalize your onscreen avatar in a game, for instance, or to improve augmented reality experiences. It’s worth being aware of the issues, though. If your favorite shopping app wants access to your facial recognition information, it might not be using that data the way you think.  Future Tense is a partnership of Slate, New America, and Arizona State University. Future Tense is a partnership of Slate, New America, and Arizona State University. 
Christina Bonnington is a technology writer whose work has appeared in Wired, Refinery29, the Daily Dot, and elsewhere.
 Christina Bonnington is a technology writer whose work has appeared in Wired, Refinery29, the Daily Dot, and elsewhere. 

http://mashable.com/2017/11/02/apple-iphonex-faceid-truedepth-privacy-ad-tracking/

The iPhone X is officially here, and with it comes a bevy of new bells and whistles that Apple promises justify the smartphone's hefty price tag.  Once such feature is the front-facing TrueDepth camera, which powers both Face ID and gives us the lovely notch. However, according to an Apple contract recently shared with app developers, it also opens up users to a new and not yet fully understood privacy risk.  According to Reuters, which managed to review the terms of a third-party app developer agreement with Apple, the data gleaned by the TrueDepth camera need not remain on a customer's phone. Instead, it can be transmitted to non-Apple servers — a revelation that has some privacy and security experts concerned.  SEE ALSO: So how worried should we be about Apple's Face ID? Notably, Apple has gone out of its way to address privacy concerns related to its Face ID biometric system. The company has promised that all data gathered by Face ID will remain on the phone, and that "[when] using Face ID, the [third-party] app is notified only as to whether the authentication was successful; it can’t access Face ID or the data associated with the enrolled face." Importantly, however, that doesn't mean app developers won't have access to the TrueDepth camera and the data it gathers.  "Unless Apple comes up with something a bit stronger than a wag of the finger, this has the potential of getting real ugly." "App makers who want to use the new camera on the iPhone X can capture a rough map of a user’s face and a stream of more than 50 kinds of facial expressions," explains Reuters. "This data, which can be removed from the phone and stored on a developer’s own servers, can help monitor how often users blink, smile or even raise an eyebrow." We reached out to Apple to confirm that this is in fact the basic structure of third-party app developers' contracts with the company, and will update this story if and when we hear back.  But why does any of this matter? Well, Apple has reportedly forbidden third-party app makers from either selling face data to marketers or using it for advertising purposes. However, according to Dan Tentler, a security researcher with The Phobos Group, once the data leaves Apple's grip it no longer matters what the rules are.  If the technological capability is there for abuse, he notes, bad actors will find a way to abuse it.  "It wont matter. Advertisers are going to [go after the data] anyway, and it's plausible there will be a black market or underground market for quietly lifting that data off of phones despite [Apple's] rules," Tentler explained over email. "The trouble here is that their defensive mechanism appears to be just a bunch of rules, and it's staggeringly obvious that making something against the rules only stops people who elect to follow the rules." Which, yeah, that doesn't sound so good.  Tentler took his warning even further, saying, "if people followed the rules, we'd never see malware being sent to people through advertising networks, or, you know, murder. You can't depend on rules alone to stop people from doing bad things, so unless Apple comes up with something a bit stronger than a wag of the finger, this has the potential of getting real ugly." So, are iPhone X owners doomed to live a life of potential privacy abuse by unscrupulous app developers? Not necessarily, but they do need to exercise some caution.  Jim Dempsey, the Executive Director of Berkeley's Center for Law & Technology, told Mashable that while Apple does have a good track record when it comes to privacy, the specifics of the TrueDepth sensor require an extra level of consumer awareness.  "Now, for some apps, [users] will also be receiving notices asking permission to collect facial data," he wrote via email. "It's very easy to say yes, because you want the features offered by the app, which seem cool at the moment. I think consumers have to become even more vigilant about those requests. There is a risk — probably already a reality — that many folks become desensitized to the requests for permission, accept them, and then forget about them." In other words, the next time a fun-looking third-party app asks for permission to access the data gathered by your iPhone X's TrueDepth camera, maybe think long and hard before tapping "OK."  

http://www.ctvnews.ca/business/markets-await-monthly-u-s-jobs-data-amid-fed-chief-relief-1.3661944

TMX Group tickers zoom across banners in Toronto on May 10, 2013. (Frank Gunn / THE CANADIAN PRESS) 

http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-stocks/wall-st-set-to-open-higher-on-jobs-data-apple-results-idUSKBN1D314W%3Fil%3D0

Our apologies, the content you requested cannot be located. Please double-check the URL for proper spelling, browse our site index, or search Reuters.com using the Search box above. The best of Reuters news delivered right into your email box absolutely free. All the news you need to start your day. 

http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-stocks/wall-st-set-to-open-higher-on-jobs-data-apple-results-idUSKBN1D314W%3Fil%3D0

Our apologies, the content you requested cannot be located. Please double-check the URL for proper spelling, browse our site index, or search Reuters.com using the Search box above. The best of Reuters news delivered right into your email box absolutely free. All the news you need to start your day. 

