https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/scottscott-attorneys-at-law-llp-investigates-tesla-inc-tsla-for-potential-breaches-of-fiduciary-duty-by-its-board-of-directors-300548001.html

 News provided by Nov 01, 2017, 18:01 ET  Share this article NEW YORK, Nov. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP ("Scott+Scott"), a national shareholder and consumer rights litigation firm, is investigating whether certain officers and directors of Tesla, Inc. ("Tesla" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:    TSLA) breached their fiduciary duties owed to the Company and its shareholders.  If you are a Tesla shareholder, you are encouraged to contact Scott+Scott for additional information.  Tesla designs, manufactures, and sells high-performance electric sedans and sport utility vehicles, as well as electric vehicle powertrain components.  Scott+Scott's investigation focuses on whether certain members of Tesla's Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties by failing to prevent executives and the Company from stating that Tesla was prepared for the launch of its Model 3 sedan at a time when Tesla allegedly had inadequate inventory and was unprepared to launch the Model 3 sedan as anticipated. On November 1, 2017, after the market closed, the Company announced its third quarter earnings results, revealing that previously promised volume production and deliveries in 2017 are now expected to occur by late first quarter 2018.  On this, and other news, Tesla's stock traded after hours below $310 per share. What You Can Do If you are a Tesla shareholder, you may have legal claims against Tesla's officers and directors.  If you wish to discuss this investigation, or have questions about this notice or your legal rights, please contact attorney Joe Pettigrew at (844) 818-6982, or at jpettigrew@scott-scott.com.    About Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP Scott+Scott has significant experience in prosecuting major securities, antitrust, and employee retirement plan actions throughout the United States.  The firm represents pension funds, foundations, individuals, and other entities worldwide with offices in New York, London, Connecticut, California, and Ohio. CONTACT: Joe PettigrewScott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP(844) 818-6982jpettigrew@scott-scott.com   View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/scottscott-attorneys-at-law-llp-investigates-tesla-inc-tsla-for-potential-breaches-of-fiduciary-duty-by-its-board-of-directors-300548001.html SOURCE Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/you-have-to-be-crazy-not-to-buy-tesla-inc-now/

Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) is a cult company with fans that rival those of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). The CEO, Elon Musk, is part of the appeal for traders. They love Musk’s confidence and enthusiasm, but let’s be honest, Musk has the tendency to overpromise when it comes to TSLA earnings. When the company misses milestones, investors throw a fit. The company has many hurdles, so Musk’s promises add to their degree of difficulty. But unlike sports competitions, Wall Street doesn’t assign kudos points for valiant efforts. They want results. Last night management reported earnings and the stock is falling fast and threatening to lose the $300 mark. Musk was combative when pressed on deadlines. When the Model 3 was announced, consumers bought it like hot cakes. The problem is that so far it’s been vaporware. However, the TSLA bullish thesis is not one of the only autos. Perception is that it’s a tech company with many prospects, which include alternative power. Most believe that it has years jump start on the competition in the battery power sector. I am not so sure but for now, this is enough to muddle the upside potential. This ambiguity creates support. In the absence of tangible value from the traditional sense, this is something I can leverage to create income. Usually, I like to sell downside premium against value based on metrics like price-earnings or price-book. Here I have to sell against what others fear. I am conservative, so I won’t be reckless. I chose levels that have been proven support. This means that I create ample room for error just in case this malaise persists longer than anticipated. Think of this as a moat around my castle. Technically, TSLA stock had been up 50% year-to-date. So a dip here is normal. Experts in the media would have you believe that this dip is different. I disagree, and therein lies my opportunity. I can create income from what others fear. There is no perfect time to trade momentum stocks like TSLA. They move so fast that most investors fear them. I use the options where I can use time and level choice to minimize the need for absolute precision. 
Click to Enlarge Price range for TSLA on Wall Street is wide. It is now trading just below the average of them. While the $500 per share high is too far, today’s trade I merely need it to stabilize. A rally would benefit me but I don’t need it. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/you-have-to-be-crazy-not-to-buy-tesla-inc-now/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://www.valuewalk.com/2017/11/tesla-inc-tsla-stock-buy-the-dip-or-sell-a-lost-cause/

Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) stock tumbled following the company’s third-quarter earnings report, and now investors are faced again with a major question. Just how much do they believe in Tesla and its management? Several analysts slashed their price targets following the Tesla Inc (TSLA) 3Q 2017 earnings release, and Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock slumped to its lowest level in months. Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and at least two other firms slashed their price targets for Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock following Wednesday night’s release. Goldman had one of the most bearish targets, and it continues to after cutting its target from $210 to $205. The firm’s analysts also reiterated their Sell rating on Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock as they expect the shares to continue sinking and noted that CEO Elon Musk said they will have to raise additional capital in the second quarter of 2018. That announcement only served to make the bears even more bearish because there seems to be no end to the cash burn. Deutsche Bank analyst Rod Lache said in his note about Tesla Inc (TSLA) 3Q 2017 earnings that cash burn is now back in focus. He slashed his price target for Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock from $320 to $310 and reiterated his Hold rating. He wasn’t surprised by the reduced guidance although he noted that it again highlights the execution risks the company faces and how much it “depends on a deep reservoir of trust (and capital” from investors.” On the plus side though, he sees “scenarios” in which the automaker can get past temporary challenges, although he adds that because of the cash burn and the possibility of further delays, “the margin for error is once again becoming uncomfortably thin.” Baird analyst Ben Kallo is still a believer in the company, so he reiterated his Outperform rating and $411 price target for Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock following the results, and he’s not the only one to hold steady. He doesn’t believe the company needs the extra capital to ramp Model 3 production as it has over $3.5 billion in cash on hand. However, he also warned that Tesla Inc (TSLA)stock will likely remain pressured for now because the company is two or three months behind schedule for the Model 3. He noted that the automaker beat expectations on the top line with $2.985 billion in sales but missed on the bottom line because of its gross margin. Non-GAAP losses per share were $2.92, versus the consensus of $2.31 per share in losses. The total gross margin came in at 15% versus the 17.9% consensus. Kallo also warned that Tesla Inc (TSLA)’s gross margin will decline sequentially again in the fourth quarter because of the Model 3 ramp, but that should be temporary. He expects margins to expand next year. Nomura Instinet analyst Romit Shah is even more bullish on Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock than Kallo as he reiterated his $500 price target and Buy rating even after the wider-than-expected losses and the delayed production ramp. Tesla Inc (TSLA) shifted back the timeline for building 5,000 vehicles per week by about three months to “by the end of the first quarter,” and Shah believes that the shift “right sizes production guidance closer to what the Street was forecasting heading into the print.” He also feels that investors would view this timeline more positively if Tesla Inc (TSLA) achieves it. Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock was down by as much as 7.66% at $296.47 during regular trading hours on Thursday. 

http://www.valuewalk.com/2017/11/tesla-inc-tsla-stock-buy-the-dip-or-sell-a-lost-cause/

Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) stock tumbled following the company’s third-quarter earnings report, and now investors are faced again with a major question. Just how much do they believe in Tesla and its management? Several analysts slashed their price targets following the Tesla Inc (TSLA) 3Q 2017 earnings release, and Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock slumped to its lowest level in months. Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and at least two other firms slashed their price targets for Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock following Wednesday night’s release. Goldman had one of the most bearish targets, and it continues to after cutting its target from $210 to $205. The firm’s analysts also reiterated their Sell rating on Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock as they expect the shares to continue sinking and noted that CEO Elon Musk said they will have to raise additional capital in the second quarter of 2018. That announcement only served to make the bears even more bearish because there seems to be no end to the cash burn. Deutsche Bank analyst Rod Lache said in his note about Tesla Inc (TSLA) 3Q 2017 earnings that cash burn is now back in focus. He slashed his price target for Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock from $320 to $310 and reiterated his Hold rating. He wasn’t surprised by the reduced guidance although he noted that it again highlights the execution risks the company faces and how much it “depends on a deep reservoir of trust (and capital” from investors.” On the plus side though, he sees “scenarios” in which the automaker can get past temporary challenges, although he adds that because of the cash burn and the possibility of further delays, “the margin for error is once again becoming uncomfortably thin.” Baird analyst Ben Kallo is still a believer in the company, so he reiterated his Outperform rating and $411 price target for Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock following the results, and he’s not the only one to hold steady. He doesn’t believe the company needs the extra capital to ramp Model 3 production as it has over $3.5 billion in cash on hand. However, he also warned that Tesla Inc (TSLA)stock will likely remain pressured for now because the company is two or three months behind schedule for the Model 3. He noted that the automaker beat expectations on the top line with $2.985 billion in sales but missed on the bottom line because of its gross margin. Non-GAAP losses per share were $2.92, versus the consensus of $2.31 per share in losses. The total gross margin came in at 15% versus the 17.9% consensus. Kallo also warned that Tesla Inc (TSLA)’s gross margin will decline sequentially again in the fourth quarter because of the Model 3 ramp, but that should be temporary. He expects margins to expand next year. Nomura Instinet analyst Romit Shah is even more bullish on Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock than Kallo as he reiterated his $500 price target and Buy rating even after the wider-than-expected losses and the delayed production ramp. Tesla Inc (TSLA) shifted back the timeline for building 5,000 vehicles per week by about three months to “by the end of the first quarter,” and Shah believes that the shift “right sizes production guidance closer to what the Street was forecasting heading into the print.” He also feels that investors would view this timeline more positively if Tesla Inc (TSLA) achieves it. Tesla Inc (TSLA) stock was down by as much as 7.66% at $296.47 during regular trading hours on Thursday. 

https://qz.com/1117933/elon-musks-timeline-stays-true-to-form-as-tesla-tsla-posts-its-largest-quarterly-loss/

Tesla’s earnings numbers were not welcome news for investors. Today, the company said it delivered 26,137 cars during the third quarter, but only 222 of those were Model 3s. That’s far below the 1,500 Tesla was hoping to have delivered by this time. Overall, the company posted a loss of $619 million on sales of $2.98 billion. Tesla shares dropped by as much as 5.4% on the news in after-hours trading, before recovering slightly. Overall, the company’s stock is up by about 50% for the year. Tesla CEO Elon Musk had warned there would be bumps in the road as Tesla entered “production hell” for the Model 3, and in August warned of “production bottlenecks.” In a Nov. 1 letter to investors (pdf), Tesla clarified that the primary production constraint is the battery module assembly line in its Gigafactory 1 outside Reno, Nevada. Tesla said it was redesigning two parts of the battery assembly process, “key elements of which were done by manufacturing systems suppliers,” to streamline its automated manufacturing process. Musk says he’s camping out at the factory until the problems are resolved. In describing the struggle to get manufacturing back on track, he made an allusion to the nine circles of hell in Dante Alighieri’s Inferno. “We were in level nine, and we’re now in level eight and close to exiting level eight,” said Musk, “I thought we’d be more like level seven. I was really depressed three or four weeks ago.” Musk said that Tesla’s reliance on a small number of robotic stations to automate construction of the vehicle, rather than human workers, means that any problems on the line can slow assembly dramatically. The company’s fortunes are riding on the Model 3, which has a base price of $35,00. Tesla is betting its first mass-market car will elevate it to become the first automaker to join America’s famous “Big 3” in more than 50 years. Tesla has already surpassed all of them in market value at one time (GM put Tesla back in second place earlier this year), but the electric carmaker has yet to prove its staying power.  So far, it’s been a rough ride. Musk must coordinate a sprawling supply and production chain, including two factories where cars are assembled in Fremont and the Gigafactory where Model 3 battery packs and drive units are made. Tesla notes that its manufacturing process is more automated than most carmakers, and therefore takes longer to establish. The company said it plans to make 5,000 Model 3 vehicles per week by about March 2018 (a quarter later than initially predicted) and then 10,000 units per week sometime after that. The company has about $3.5 billion in cash entering the fourth quarter to make it happen. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/tesla-tsla-3rd-quarter-earnings-what-to-expect-cm869233

Tesla earnings (Shutterstock photo) Tesla (TSLA), which has ambitions of being more mainstream, will report third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings results after Wednesday's closing bell. But investors would feel much better if the luxury electric vehicle company had ambitions of being more profitable. Tesla shares have taken a massive beating over the past couple of weeks, falling as much as 18% from its all-time high of $386.99 reached in June to a recent low of $316.66 — the stock’s lowest level since early August. A combination of factors has impacted TSLA stock. But the biggest concern rests with Tesla’s money-making capabilities, particularly as it relates its highly-anticipated Model 3 sedan — the company’s first attempt at producing a mass market electric vehicle. Tesla reportedly spends some $80,000 to build each Model 3, which will retail for $35,000 — or about half the price of Tesla's next-cheapest car, the Model S. The company believes the lower price point would enable it to emerge from a niche market to better compete with Detroit heavyweights General Motors (GM) and Ford (F). On Wednesday the Street will want to get a sense of not only how realistic Tesla’s Model 3 delivery goals are, but also how much cash it will take to meet those goals. Earlier this month the company spooked investors when announcing that its third-quarter Model 3 delivery totals would be 220 vehicles. Though that marked a 4.5% increase year over year, it’s below the 1,260 vehicles analysts expected and well below the company’s year-end production targets of 20,000 Model 3s a month by December. On Friday analysts at Evercore downgraded TSLA stock from Buy to Neutral, advising their clients to be “more cautious” on Model 3 production. The Model 3 is “the most important piece of the Tesla investment story in coming quarters,” Evercore warned. In terms of overcoming production hiccups, which CEO Elon Musk recently described at “manufacturing hell,” Evercore noted, “We suspect that Tesla won’t have 100% visibility on the ramp until they hit more than 1,000 Model 3 units per week.” As such, the firm reduced its price target on TSLA stock to $312, from $330, implying a 3% downside to Friday’s closing price of $320.87. In the three months that ended September, Wall Street expects the Palo Alto, Calif.-based company to post a per-share loss of $2.29 on revenue of $2.94 billion. This compares to the year-ago quarter when the company lost 71 cents per share on $2.3 billion in revenue. For the full year, ending in December, the loss is expected to be $6.67 per share, compared to a loss of $2.87 a year ago, while full-year revenue of $11.84 billion would rise 69.2% year over year. All told, with the 1,000 Model 3 units per week benchmark expected to be reached toward the end of November, Tesla has a lot to prove Wednesday if it wants to keep its shares from driving in reverse. From my vantage point, however, these shares, which I now own, are not as risky as they were three months ago. I’ve said this before, Tesla’s main problem — if you can call it that — is that the company must overcome too much demand for its products. And that’s a business I want a piece of. At the time of publication, the author was long Tesla shares. 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/come-tesla-earnings-tsla-195239276.html

YouTube/iPhone-Fan  Tesla on Wednesday reported the largest quarterly loss in its history and said it was cutting production on two of its vehicle models. Here are the key third-quarter numbers (expectations via Bloomberg): The company said it planned to produce "about 10% fewer" units of its Model S and Model X models in the fourth quarter and reallocate resources to the Model 3, its newest. Tesla expects to hit a Model 3 production rate of 5,000 vehicles a week by late in the first quarter of 2018. "While we continue to make significant progress each week in fixing Model 3 bottlenecks, the nature of manufacturing challenges during a ramp such as this makes it difficult to predict exactly how long it will take for all bottlenecks to be cleared or when new ones will appear," Tesla said in its statement. Tesla said in October that it produced only 260 vehicles, well below its target of 1,500. CEO Elon Musk said the Model 3 was "deep in production hell." Tesla's negative free cash flow expanded to -$1.4 billion, more than analysts' forecast of -$1.2 billion. The company said it was working with organizations in Puerto Rico to provide solar panels following the devastation left by Hurricane Maria in late September. Installations of its energy-storage units rose 138% year over year in the third quarter, driven by the Powerwall, its at-home battery. Tesla shares fell as much as 5% in extended trading after the earnings release. Tesla has surged 51% this year through Wednesday's close, and its market cap at various points has surpassed those of rivals including Ford, Fiat Chrysler, and General Motors. NOW WATCH: $6 TRILLION INVESTMENT CHIEF: Bitcoin is a bubble See Also: SEE ALSO: Here are the most important things to look for in Tesla's third-quarter earnings 

https://qz.com/1117933/elon-musks-timeline-stays-true-to-form-as-tesla-tsla-posts-its-largest-quarterly-loss/

Tesla’s earnings numbers were not welcome news for investors. Today, the company said it delivered 26,137 cars during the third quarter, but only 222 of those were Model 3s. That’s far below the 1,500 Tesla was hoping to have delivered by this time. Overall, the company posted a loss of $619 million on sales of $2.98 billion. Tesla shares dropped by as much as 5.4% on the news in after-hours trading, before recovering slightly. Overall, the company’s stock is up by about 50% for the year. Tesla CEO Elon Musk had warned there would be bumps in the road as Tesla entered “production hell” for the Model 3, and in August warned of “production bottlenecks.” In a Nov. 1 letter to investors (pdf), Tesla clarified that the primary production constraint is the battery module assembly line in its Gigafactory 1 outside Reno, Nevada. Tesla said it was redesigning two parts of the battery assembly process, “key elements of which were done by manufacturing systems suppliers,” to streamline its automated manufacturing process. Musk says he’s camping out at the factory until the problems are resolved. In describing the struggle to get manufacturing back on track, he made an allusion to the nine circles of hell in Dante Alighieri’s Inferno. “We were in level nine, and we’re now in level eight and close to exiting level eight,” said Musk, “I thought we’d be more like level seven. I was really depressed three or four weeks ago.” Musk said that Tesla’s reliance on a small number of robotic stations to automate construction of the vehicle, rather than human workers, means that any problems on the line can slow assembly dramatically. The company’s fortunes are riding on the Model 3, which has a base price of $35,00. Tesla is betting its first mass-market car will elevate it to become the first automaker to join America’s famous “Big 3” in more than 50 years. Tesla has already surpassed all of them in market value at one time (GM put Tesla back in second place earlier this year), but the electric carmaker has yet to prove its staying power.  So far, it’s been a rough ride. Musk must coordinate a sprawling supply and production chain, including two factories where cars are assembled in Fremont and the Gigafactory where Model 3 battery packs and drive units are made. Tesla notes that its manufacturing process is more automated than most carmakers, and therefore takes longer to establish. The company said it plans to make 5,000 Model 3 vehicles per week by about March 2018 (a quarter later than initially predicted) and then 10,000 units per week sometime after that. The company has about $3.5 billion in cash entering the fourth quarter to make it happen. 

https://postanalyst.com/2017/11/03/tesla-inc-tsla-has-rebounded-67-94-since-its-low-of-178-19/

Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) is on recovery track with 67.94% gain from a 1-year low price of $178.19. The company lost -6.8% to attain the price of $299.26 on Nov. 2, 2017. Throughout the recent session, the prices were hovering between $292.63 and $308.69. These shares are 8.38% off its target price of $324.33 and the current market capitalization stands at $50.77B. The recent change has given its price a -14.58% deficit over SMA 50 and -23.19% deficit over its 52-week high. The stock witnessed -15.7% declines, -16.15% declines and -2.95% declines for the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month period, respectively. To measure price-variation, we found TSLA’s volatility during a week at 3.52% and during a month it has been found around 2.7%.  Institutional investors currently hold around $30.5 billion or 59% in TSLA stock. Look at its top three institutional owners. Fmr Llc owns $6.85 billion in Tesla, Inc., which represents roughly 13.5% of the company’s market cap and approximately 22.47% of the institutional ownership. Similar statistics are true for the second largest owner, Baillie Gifford & Co, which owns 13,096,158 shares of the stock are valued at $4.2 billion. The third largest holder is Vanguard Group Inc, which currently holds $2 billion worth of this stock and that ownership represents nearly 3.94% of its market capitalization.  At the end of 06/30/2017 reporting period, 387 institutional holders increased their position in Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) by some 5,130,212 shares, 266 decreased positions by 15,688,190 and 128 held positions by 74,156,804. That puts total institutional holdings at 94,975,206 shares, according to SEC filings. The stock grabbed 124 new institutional investments totaling 1,257,093 shares while 63 institutional investors sold out their entire positions totaling 1,764,855 shares.  Multiple company employees have indulged in significant insider trading. Tesla, Inc. disclosed in a document filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that VP, Chief Accounting Officer Branderiz Eric has sold 1,736 shares of Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) in trading session dated Oct. 24, 2017. These shares are worth $589,355 and were traded at $339.49 each. The SEC filing shows that Musk Kimbal performed a sale of 2,190 shares. The Director disposed these shares by way of transaction on Oct. 02, 2017. The company’s shares were given away at $341.69 per share worth to an income of some $748,301 on account of Musk Kimbal.  VP, Chief Accounting Officer, Branderiz Eric, sold 99 common shares of Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) in the open market. In a transaction dated Sep. 05, 2017, the shares were put up for sale at an average price of $350.12, raking in a sum of $34,662.  In the transaction dated Sep. 01, 2017, the great number of shares disposed came courtesy the Director; Musk Kimbal disposed a total of 2,190 shares at an average price of $355.2, amounting to approximately $777,888. The insider now directly owns 157,094 shares worth $47,011,950.  Several analysts have released their opinion on Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA), with 5 analysts believing it is a strong buy. Whereas 7 of them predict the stock is a hold. Also, there are 1 buy, 2 sell and 3 strong sell ratings, collectively assigning a 2.83 average brokerage recommendation. 

http://newburghgazette.com/2017/11/03/session-recap-viewing-unusual-volume-for-tesla-inc-nasdaq/

 Diane Wilson 

03 November 2017, 01:23 
 Issues such as ones with the battery of the Model 3, a disagreement with a subcontractor have forced Tesla to go back to the drawing board and start again. That means there's now a total of a quarter million Teslas on the road. But Musk said he did not expect any significant capital expenditure in China until 2019, adding that he envisioned a factory producing at least 200 000 vehicles a year for the Chinese market. The company said "a handful" of assembly lines had taken "longer to activate than expected". Despite Tesla's Model 3 production challenges, the company said it was confident it can rapidly ramp up Model 3 production, albeit about three months behind schedule. In 3Q17, Tesla's (TSLA) earnings disappointed investors, as its quarterly loss exceeded analysts' estimates by a huge margin. Tesla's stock had closed down more than 3 percent at $321.08 Wednesday, then plunged 5 percent after hours to $304.80 by 4:58 p.m., following the earnings report. "While Tesla stock is indicated down afterhours, we're not sure that the [third quarter] print changes the perception around the longer-term tenets of the Tesla story (leading advantages in batteries and tech, etc.), although we think there are a number of issues on those tenets". As of November 1, analysts expect Tesla to report a loss of $1.76 per share in 4Q17, which could be much worse than its adjusted per-share loss of $1.33 in 4Q16. "So the Tesla fleet has grown by a factor of 100 in five years", Musk said during an earnings call. "I was really depressed about three or four weeks ago", Musk said. Including today's unusual volume, Tesla, Inc.'s stock is performing at 50.26% on the year. "Elon Musk needs to stop over promising and under delivering". Scrapping the leccy auto deal will increase United States tax revenues by $4bn, it is estimated. According to the company's Q3 report, it has only managed to build 260 Model 3 vehicles, well below the 1,500 that had been planned by September. Musk did confirm that Tesla had fired 700 employees, or about 2 percent of its workforce, earlier this month because of poor performance reviews. Additional delays could even lead Model 3 customers who have put down their $1,000 deposits to get fed up and forfeit the money, Levy said. Installations for its energy storage business more than doubled from a year ago. Tesla revealed net orders for those vehicles hit a record level in the third quarter, setting the stage for record deliveries in the fourth quarter. "Tesla sold about 127,000 Model S sedans and Model X sport utility vehicles through August, according to researcher IHS Markit".  

