https://www.investorplace.com/2017/11/better-metrics-lift-ranking-of-exxon-mobil-xom-to-hold/

Portfolio Grader currently ranks Exxon Mobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) a Hold. With proprietary fundamental and quantitative analytical tools developed by Louis Navellier, this analytical tool assesses nearly 5,000 stocks weekly. XOM has been upgraded from a Sell to a Hold in the last week. The company is one of the 363 companies in the GICS Energy sector and is a component of the 291 company Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels GICS industry group within this sector. XOM has a market value of $354.7 billion which is in the top decile in its industry group Portfolio Grader's current ranking for XOM puts it 126 among the 291 companies in this industry group, putting it in the second quartile. The Energy sector is ranked number 12 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it as the least attractive sector of all the GICS sectors. The Oil Gas & Consumable Fuels industry group is ranked 64 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it well below-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. XOM has attained above-average scores in 5 of the 8 fundamental areas appraised by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average scores in 3 of the areas evaluated in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are discernibly above average. Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with rankings for earnings surprises and earnings momentum that are better than average, while the score for earnings revisions is worse than average. XOM's scores for return on equity and cash flow are worse than its industry group average. Based on these fundamental scores, Exxon Mobil places in the top quartile of the industry group.  Portfolio Grader quantitatively gauges XOM's shares using the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score. This metric looks at XOM's shares from the viewpoint of risk/reward. This exclusive scoring approach assesses the relative value of the company's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Based on this risk/reward calculation, XOM currently scores below-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/better-metrics-lift-ranking-of-exxon-mobil-xom-to-hold/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/02/why-you-should-still-hold-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-stock-today-3/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) fell by -0.23% in Wednesday’s trading session from $83.54 to $83.35 and has now fallen 3 consecutive sessions. The price has been moving in both directions for this period, and there has been a 0.47% gain over 10-day period. Volume has increased in Wednesday’s trading session by 0.68 million shares, but on a weak note. This is may be an early warning and the risk will be increased slightly for the next couple of days. In total, 8.49 M shares exchanged hands for about $707.97 million. Inside XOM’s Recent Trend Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) lies in the upper part of a narrow and weak rising trend in the short term, and this will normally pose a very good selling opportunity for the short-term trader as reaction back towards the lower part of the trend can be expected. A break-up at the top trend line at $83.91 will firstly indicate a stronger raising rate. Short-term traders are predicted to see a rally of 8.04% over the course of a quarter and, with 90% chance the price will be floating in the range of $86.76 and $90.66 in this timeframe. Exxon Mobil Corporation Technical Signals 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 XOM has witnessed its short term MA triggering a sell signal. Meanwhile, however, the long-term average has generated a buy signal. When the short-run moving average rises above its longer-term trend, a buy signal is created. This is because a short-run moving average that crosses its long-run moving average counterpart is seen as the initiation of an upward trend. On additional rally, the share price will meet short term resistance at around $83.42. On a drop, the stock is likely to find some support over the long run, which begins at $81.91. A buy signal will be generated if it crosses above the short term moving average. Meanwhile, however, a price crossing below the long term moving average will generate a sell signal. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Support And Resistance Levels Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) recorded volume accumulation so there will probably be a surplus of buyers at $80.07. In case of gains, the next resistance from accumulated volume will not be far away from today’s level at $83.47, $83.54 and $83.71. 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Accumulated volume is going to prevent the price from rising further at $83.47 and this action will lead the price to take a temporary pause or stay muted for a few days. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Risk Assessment The number of shares changed hands in the stock is good, indicating the interest and low risk associated with it. In the most recent session, the stock price hovered around $0.51 (0.61%) between intraday high and intraday low. Each day in the past 1 week, the average volatility remained at 1.11%. 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/01/top-of-the-list-shares-in-todays-market-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-2/


Adam Costello 
2 days ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 Amid the all-time high stocks in today’s market is Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) that had a market cap of 356.8B. The company’s P/E was valued at 30.15 as it measures its current share price to its per-share earnings.  At present, (NYSE:XOM)’s price is rolling at $83.54. A price change of -0.20% indicates a strong asset performance for the corporation, bearing in mind the total returns from its investment and dividends or distributions obtained from the investment.  The financial condition of the company with an ROA of 3.40% indicates how profitable (NYSE:XOM) is relative to its total assets. The current rate provides an idea as to how efficient management is at using its assets to generate earnings.  As the return on equity calculates the corporation’s profitability by revealing how much profit the company has generated alongside the money the shareholders have invested, (NYSE:XOM) shows an ROE of (put ROE code – cant find it).  (NYSE:XOM)’s ROI is 0.60% signposting a better performance in the evaluation of the efficiency of an investment. By calculating the amount of return, the company’s current ratio – which is the liquidity and efficiency ratio – is measured at 0.8.  The operating margin of (NYSE:XOM) is valued at 2.40% and the profit margin measures at 4.90%. The increased OM of (NYSE:XOM) measures the company’s improved pricing strategy and the proportion of its revenue which is left after paying its variable costs of production, e.g. wages, raw materials, etc. The profit margin has increased by 4.90% gauging the financial health of (NYSE:XOM). It also shows the how good the amount of profit for (NYSE:XOM) is relative to its total expenditure.  The overall performance of (NYSE:XOM) for the week is at 0.36% with a rise compared to the last week, measuring a monthly rising rate of 1.90%. The weekly volatility have dropped down at 1.11% with a monthly decline of 0.80%, since the beginning of this month.  The average volume for (NYSE:XOM) is currently rolling at 9,479.01.  The EPS growth this year is at -51.20% demonstrating a EPS growth of 13.20% for the following year. This exhibits in determining the most likely future of the stock price of (NYSE:XOM).  With this high EPSGR it is predicted that growth rate will rise faster as compared to its competitors in the same industry. As it maintains an improved rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target.  Tags (NYSE:XOM) Basic Materials Exxon Mobil Corporation NYSE XOM 9 hours ago 9 hours ago 9 hours ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/01/digging-up-the-facts-on-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-4/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Major Integrated Oil & Gas. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $83.35, down from yesterday’s close by -0.23%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis This company has been competing with others in the Basic Materials space and offers its own combination of interesting factors Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) currently trades with a market capitalization of $355.99 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 16.56 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For XOM, you can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $12.13 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.97 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 50.64% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis No analysis is ever complete without a thorough survey of a stock’s technical behavior. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Exxon Mobil Corporation recorded a 52-week high of $93.21. It is now trading 9.86% off that level. The stock is trading $80.56 its 50-day moving average by -2.79%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $76.05. In recent action, Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) has made a move of +1.94% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 22.64, and it’s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.86% with $4.23 Billion sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of XOM. 

https://www.economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/02/dissecting-the-investment-cases-for-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-and-chevron-corporation-cvx/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) and Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) are both Basic Materials companies that recently hit new low. Naturally, this has caught the attention of the investment community. But which is the better investment? To answer this question, we will compare the two companies across various metrics including growth, profitability, risk, return, dividends, and valuation. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) operates in the Major Integrated Oil & Gas segment of the Basic Materials sector. The company has grown sales at a -14.10% annual rate over the past five years, putting it in the low growth category. XOM has a net profit margin of 4.90% and is more profitable than the average company in the Major Integrated Oil & Gas industry. In terms of efficiency, XOM has an asset turnover ratio of 0.72. This figure represents the amount of revenue a company generates per dollar of assets. XOM’s financial leverage ratio is 0.88, which indicates that the company’s asset base is primarily funded by equity capital. Company’s return on equity, which is really just the product of the company’s profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage ratios, is 6.70%, which is worse than the Major Integrated Oil & Gas industry average ROE. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) pays out an annual dividend of 3.08 per share. At the current valuation, this equates to a dividend yield of 3.67%. The company has a payout ratio of 109.00%. XOM’s current dividend therefore should be sustainable. Stock’s free cash flow yield, which represents the amount of cash available to investors before dividends, expressed as a percentage of the stock price, is -1.06. All else equal, companies with higher FCF yields are viewed as cheaper. Company trades at a P/E ratio of 30.27, and is less expensive than the average stock in the Major Integrated Oil & Gas industry. The average investment recommendation for XOM, taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts, is 3.00, or a hold. Over the past three months, Exxon Mobil Corporation insiders have been net buyers, dumping a net of -23,756 shares. This implies that insiders have been feeling relatively bearish about the outlook for XOM. Insider activity and sentiment signals are important to monitor because they can shed light on how “risky” a stock is perceived to be at it’s current valuation. Knowing this, it makes sense to look at beta, a measure of market risk. XOM has a beta of 0.83 and therefore an below average level of market volatility. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) operates in the Major Integrated Oil & Gas segment of the Basic Materials sector. CVX has increased sales at a -14.70% CAGR over the past five years, and is considered a low growth stock. The company has a net profit margin of 4.70% and is more profitable than the average Major Integrated Oil & Gas player. CVX’s asset turnover ratio is 0.5 and the company has financial leverage of 0.74. CVX’s return on equity of 4.00% is worse than the Major Integrated Oil & Gas industry average. Chevron Corporation (CVX) pays a dividend of 4.32, which translates to dividend yield of 3.73% based on the current price. Stock has a payout ratio of 138.90%. According to this ratio, CVX should be able to continue making payouts at these levels. The company trades at a free cash flow yield of -0.67 and has a P/E of 37.59. Compared to the average company in the 31.42 space, CVX is relatively expensive. The average analyst recommendation for CVX is 2.10, or a buy. Chevron Corporation insiders have sold a net of -27,812 shares during the past three months, which implies that the company’s top executives have been feeling bearish about the stock’s outlook. Finally, CVX’s beta of 1.23 indicates that the stock has an below average level of market risk. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) scores higher than Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) on 8 of the 13 measures compared between the two companies. XOM has the better fundamentals, scoring higher on growth, profitability, efficiency and return metrics. XOM has better insider activity and sentiment signals. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

http://standardoracle.com/2017/11/02/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-has-current-market-capitalization-of-358-21-billion/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) added 0.62% to reach $83.87 in the previous trading session. Overall, 9.25 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 9.43 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 0.98, while its market cap is $358.21 Billion. Relative Strength Index The Relative Strength Index (RSI), developed by J. Welles Wilder, is a momentum oscillator that calculates the speed and change of price movements. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Usually the RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when less than 30. Relative strength index (RSI-14) for Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) is at 73.24. Price Target A price target is the projected price level of a financial security stated by an investment analyst. It represents a security’s price that, if achieved, results in a trader recognizing the best possible outcome for his investment. This is the price at which the trader or investor wants to exit his existing position so he can realize the most reward. Basically, a price target is an individual analyst’s projection on the future price of a stock. There is no concrete way to calculate a price target. Different analysts and financial institutions use various valuation methods and consider different economic forces when deciding on a price target. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) has been given an average price target of $83.4 from analysts, according to data collected by Finviz. Earnings Forecast Earnings per share (EPS) is the portion of a company’s profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Earnings per share serves as an indicator of a company’s profitability. Consensus earnings estimates are far from perfect, but they are watched by many investors and play an important role in measuring the appropriate valuation for a stock. Investors measure stock performance on the basis of a company’s earnings power. To make a proper assessment, investors seek a sound estimate of this year’s and next year’s earnings per share (EPS), as well as a strong sense of how much the company will earn even farther down the road. Maximum and minimum EPS estimate for the current quarter is projected at $1.22 and $0.78, respectively, according to 19 analysts. Comparatively, Exxon Mobil Corporation posted earnings of $1.12 per share in the same quarter last year. The company is expected to report earnings of $0.94 a share for the next quarter. Revenue Estimate Revenue is the amount of money that a company actually receives during a specific period, including discounts and deductions for returned merchandise. It is the “top line” or “gross income” figure from which costs are subtracted to determine net income. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) is expected to post revenue of $70.55 Billion in the current quarter, according to consensus of 6 analysts. The high and low revenue estimates for the current quarter are $74.25 Billion and $63.59 Billion, respectively. The company reported revenue of $83.76 Billion in the same period last year. Moving Averages A moving average (MA) is a trend-following or lagging indicator because it is based on past prices. The average is taken over a specific period of time, like 10 days, 20 minutes, 30 weeks, or any time period the trader chooses. There are advantages to using a moving average in your trading, as well options on what type of moving average to use. Moving average strategies are also popular and can be tailored to any time frame, suiting both long term investors and short-term traders. A moving average can help cut down the amount of “noise” on a price chart. Look at the direction of the moving average to get a basic idea of which way the price is moving. Angled up and price is moving up (or was recently) overall, angled down and price is moving down overall, moving sideways and the price is likely in a range. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM)’s distance from 200 day simple moving average is 3.05 percent, its distance from 50 day simple moving average is 4.11 percent, while its distance from 20 day simple moving average is 1.32 percent. Volatility Volatility is a statistical measure of the dispersion of returns for a given security or market index. Volatility can either be measured by using the standard deviation or variance between returns from that same security or market index. When we see the company’s Volatility, it currently has a monthly volatility of 0.79% and weekly volatility of 1.09%. Analysts Recommendation In order to reach an opinion and communicate the value and volatility of a covered security, analysts research public financial statements, listen in on conference calls and talk to managers and the customers of a company, typically in an attempt to capture the findings for a research report. Ultimately, through all this investigation into the company’s performance the analyst decides whether their stock is a “buy,” sell” or hold.” Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 3, according to data compiled by Finviz. The recommendation scale measures the value from 1 to 5, where 1 means ‘’Buy’’ and 5 stands for ”Sell”. Exxon Mobil Corporation was covered by a number of analysts recently, 2 rated the stock as Buy, 4 rated Outperform, 12 rated Hold, 4 gave an Underperform and 2 rated sell. Historical Trends A trend analysis is a method of analysis that allows traders to predict what will happen with a stock in the future. Trend analysis is based on historical data about the stock’s performance given the overall trends of the market and particular indicators within the market. Exxon Mobil Corporation shares increased 0.84 percent over the past week and rose 2.58 percent over the previous month. The stock climbed 4.2 percent over the past quarter, while surged 2.73 percent over the past six months. 

http://www.ttnews.com/articles/exxon-not-threatened-electric-cars-says-trucks-are-where-real-action

Exxon Mobil Corp. says the existential threat to oil producers from electric cars is overblown. Despite concern that electrification will render obsolete the gasoline-fueled internal combustion engine, the world’s biggest crude explorer says the 158 year-old oil industry won’t go gentle into that good night. The electric-vehicle, or EV, fleet won’t grow fast enough to displace much in the way of fuel demand, according to Exxon Vice President Jeff Woodbury. Plus, heavy-duty trucks and petrochemicals are where the real action is anyway, he said during a conference call with analysts on Oct. 27. RELATED: Daimler steps up electric truck rollout as Tesla rivalry looms “By 2040, the fleet is about 6% EV,” Woodbury said, referring to a company forecast on the growth of electric cars. Even if you boosted that number by 50%, it would only remove about a half-million barrels a day in demand, he said, “not substantial when you think about overall oil demand of over 100 million barrels per day, at that point.” RELATED: Toyota Class 8 With hydrogen fuel cell to run SoCal drayage route Should gasoline demand dry up some day, that’s OK with Exxon too. The company would rather “upgrade” those molecules into higher-profit fuels such as diesel anyway, he said.   

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/xom-stock-done-mover/

How an investor views Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stock going forward likely depends on how that same investor sees XOM stock looking backward. The XOM stock price five years ago was $90. As of this writing, it’s $83. Is that good news? In one sense, it is. Oil prices have crashed, and yet including dividends, XOM shareholders have received a modest return over that stretch. Exxon Mobil’s diversification through chemicals and upstream businesses has protected the downside. Even a major driller like Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE:APC) is down 28% over that period. Chesapeake Energy Corporation (NYSE:CHK) stock has declined 82%, and many other hot O&G plays from 2012 have gone bankrupt in the interim. The XOM stock price may be down, but it very well could have been worse for investors bullish on oil and gas five years ago. Of course, on the other hand, XOM shareholders have missed out on substantial returns elsewhere. The S&P 500 has risen 82%, not including dividends, over those five years. Exxon’s compounded return even has (slightly) lagged that of U.S. Treasuries in the lowest interest-rate environment in U.S. history. How XOM looks at this point depends in large part on how an investor views the last five years. And it means there’s two very different ways of looking at Exxon Mobil stock. For an income investor, in particular, the past five years might look heartening. Over that five-year period, the price of oil has dropped from the high $80s to the low $50s. Natural gas prices have fallen as well. The past five years might not have been the worst-case scenario in 2012, but they’re not far off either. And yet XOM stock has satisfied two of the most important requirements of income investing, particularly for retired investors. The XOM dividend has provided 3%+ income annually, and after a recent rally investors have kept most of their principal. With the 10-year Treasury yielding just 2.4%, XOM offers more income at the moment. It might not offer the same level of safety – but the past five years show that its diversification does offer substantial protection even in a time of falling energy prices. So the case for XOM stock going forward might actually be helped by history, at least for income investors. XOM stock didn’t break at a time when most smaller energy stocks did. The diversification of retail and chemical operations has kept profits, and the share price, afloat. With the dividend yield at 3.7%, XOM still is going to provide income. And the risk posed by another leg down in energy prices seems manageable, at least if history is any indication. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/xom-stock-done-mover/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/10/27/going-through-the-chart-for-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-3/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) stock flux has recently been causing stir among the investment community. Many analysts use price trends and patterns to predict future performance, and we can glean some important insights about XOM by examining the chart. How has the stock performed recently? Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) in the last month has increased +1.56%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and underperformed a peer group of similar companies by -100%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $83.47, XOM sits below its 52-week high. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) has been trading in a bullish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that XOM may be headed in the future. In order to predict this, technical analysts look at momentum indicators, which measure the speed and magnitude of these price movements. The idea is that as momentum slows, it may signal the approach of key support or resistance levels and a reversal of recent trends. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for XOM is 67.67%, which suggests that the stock is not particularly expensive or cheap, and not predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 83.51%, tells a different story, and suggests that XOM currently trades in overbought territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? In addition to price, analysts use volume trends to predict future performance. The level of trading activity in a stock is often a good proxy for the level of interest and enthusiasm for the name within the investment community. A sudden increase in activity can be a sign that investors are trading in anticipation of a catalyst. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) average trading volume of 7,495,915 during the past month is 32.32% below its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been less active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? XOM is currently overvalued by 0.08% relative to the average 1-year price target of $83.40 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 2.90, which implies that analysts are generally neutral in their outlook for XOM over the next year. How risky is the stock?  In order to put XOM’s recent price performance into context, we need to get a sense of how the stock moves in relation to the overall market. Beta, which measures a stock’s price volatility relative to the market, provides the cleanest measure of systematic risk for a stock. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) has a beta of 0.83, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are less extreme than the market as a whole. XOM therefore has a below average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, XOM average daily volatility was 4.14%, which is 5.7 percentage points lower than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://news4j.com/2017/10/28/shares-to-buy-from-the-think-tanks-exxon-mobil-corporation-nysexom/


Abby Gale 
6 days ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 Whatever service or product the company is offering, we are all affected by commodity prices more often than we know. Coffee, oranges, cotton, and beef are all traded on the markets and can dictate how much you are going to pay at the store. Now let us take a look at Exxon Mobil Corporation, ticker XOM, which operates in the Basic Materials, and if you see it from a different set of glasses and look at the other aspects of the business you will notice a lot of things. Without further due let’s take a look below on the numerous other functions necessary for investment decisions.   Now, since Exxon Mobil Corporation is heavily affected by something outside of their control, potentially, you want to ensure Exxon Mobil Corporation is in good health. The current price of Exxon Mobil Corporation is $83.47, with the 200 day simple moving average at 2.47%.   First you may want to take a look at the current debt to equity, which is 0.23, as this can give you a glance at the company’s well being regarding debt. The long term debt to equity number currently sits at . Going deeper, Exxon Mobil Corporation’s profit margin is 4.90%, indicating how much money the company earns per dollar of revenue earned. Gross margin is 27.80% and operating margin is . Fundamental health is key when investing in an industry that has the potential to be slightly more volatile than average.   Take a broader look now, Exxon Mobil Corporation’s performance year to date is -7.52%, giving you a current mood of this particular equity. Volatility this month is 0.72%, which compared to the average volume of 9652.46 can give you an idea of the movements of the company’s stock. The current target price is 83.4, which can give you an idea of where the stock may want to head in the future. However, this is dependent upon Exxon Mobil Corporation’s ability to maintain their financial health.   Looking forward with a company that is sensitive to commodity prices can be difficult to predict, but it is still worth trying to figure. The current P/E ratio for XOM is 30.12 and the forward looking P/E is 21.22. The earnings per share growth this is year has been -51.20% and is predicted to be 13.18% over the next five years. Be sure that your portfolio can handle these projected numbers because the last thing you want to do is compromise your current holdings.   To round out your research, the current dividend yield is 3.69% with a payout ratio of 109.00%. Return on equity comes in at 6.70% and this should help to point you in the right direction. Moreover, Exxon Mobil Corporation may not help your current situation, but now that you have a better understanding, you will know when to act if the time comes. Do not let the Basic Materials sector scare you, but rather open your eyes to a whole new world of possibilities. Greater risk does typically mean greater reward, but you want to limit company specific risk while also being exposed to your desired industry. Decide if Exxon Mobil Corporation is a good fit for yourself and be sure to keep an open mind on everything. Tags (NYSE:XOM) Exxon Mobil Corporation NYSE USA XOM 9 hours ago 9 hours ago 9 hours ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

