https://www.investopedia.com/news/why-jpmorgan-bank-america-citigroup-can-rise-10/

As the prospects for U.S. regulatory reform improve, Credit Suisse is giving four of America’s biggest banks a favorable outperform rating. Analyst Susan Roth Katzke believes the share prices of Bank of America Corp. (BAC), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM), Morgan Stanley (MS) and Citigroup Inc. (C) could get a boost of as much as 10%, according to Barron’s. Since the beginning of the year through to the end of trading on Tuesday, both Bank of America was up 23%, JPMorgan was up nearly 15%, Morgan Stanley was up close to 17%, and Citi was up more than 22%. (To read more, see: 4 Bank Stocks to Buy Now: Strategas Partners.) Despite poor trading revenues, which were expected due to seasonality and low market volatility, all four banks outperformed analysts’ estimates during the most recent quarter. Bank of America reported earnings per share (EPS) of $0.48 compared to a forecast $0.45; JPMorgan reported $1.76 compared to an estimate of $1.65; Morgan Stanley reported $0.93 compared to an estimate of $0.81; and Citi reported $1.42 compared to an estimate of $1.32. While Katzke assures that her team of analysts at Credit Suisse will continue to monitor valuations in relation to the overall economic cycle, she is optimistic that these big four U.S. banks will see an average EPS growth of 10% year over year and an approximately 14% average return on tangible common equity for 2018. When taking a weighted average of the most optimistic, pessimistic, and base case scenarios, Katzke expects each of the four banks to achieve a 10%+ total return, according to Barron’s. The major boost to banks’ share prices rests on the expectations of a much-improved operating environment coming from changes to the corporate tax code and regulatory reform under the Trump administration. (For more, see also: Big Banks May Soar Higher After Post-Crisis Records.) Last week, Republican lawmakers unveiled their proposal to overhaul the U.S. tax code, which would significantly cut corporate taxes and bring about modest savings for the middle class. The plan to permanently cut the corporate tax rate from 35% to 20% would definitely help banks retain more of their gross profits. Despite a leading Democratic lawmaker on the Senate Banking Committee recently walking away from negotiations over how to reform the Dodd-Frank Act, the Committee’s Republican chair and other Democratic Senators are still hopeful that a deal can be made to repeal some of the most stringent financial regulations put in place after the global financial crisis. Of course, many are confident that it will be regulators with a more relaxed attitude that will ultimately lead the way in effectively deregulating the banking sector, not lawmakers.  

https://www.investopedia.com/news/why-jpmorgan-bank-america-citigroup-can-rise-10/

As the prospects for U.S. regulatory reform improve, Credit Suisse is giving four of America’s biggest banks a favorable outperform rating. Analyst Susan Roth Katzke believes the share prices of Bank of America Corp. (BAC), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM), Morgan Stanley (MS) and Citigroup Inc. (C) could get a boost of as much as 10%, according to Barron’s. Since the beginning of the year through to the end of trading on Tuesday, both Bank of America was up 23%, JPMorgan was up nearly 15%, Morgan Stanley was up close to 17%, and Citi was up more than 22%. (To read more, see: 4 Bank Stocks to Buy Now: Strategas Partners.) Despite poor trading revenues, which were expected due to seasonality and low market volatility, all four banks outperformed analysts’ estimates during the most recent quarter. Bank of America reported earnings per share (EPS) of $0.48 compared to a forecast $0.45; JPMorgan reported $1.76 compared to an estimate of $1.65; Morgan Stanley reported $0.93 compared to an estimate of $0.81; and Citi reported $1.42 compared to an estimate of $1.32. While Katzke assures that her team of analysts at Credit Suisse will continue to monitor valuations in relation to the overall economic cycle, she is optimistic that these big four U.S. banks will see an average EPS growth of 10% year over year and an approximately 14% average return on tangible common equity for 2018. When taking a weighted average of the most optimistic, pessimistic, and base case scenarios, Katzke expects each of the four banks to achieve a 10%+ total return, according to Barron’s. The major boost to banks’ share prices rests on the expectations of a much-improved operating environment coming from changes to the corporate tax code and regulatory reform under the Trump administration. (For more, see also: Big Banks May Soar Higher After Post-Crisis Records.) Last week, Republican lawmakers unveiled their proposal to overhaul the U.S. tax code, which would significantly cut corporate taxes and bring about modest savings for the middle class. The plan to permanently cut the corporate tax rate from 35% to 20% would definitely help banks retain more of their gross profits. Despite a leading Democratic lawmaker on the Senate Banking Committee recently walking away from negotiations over how to reform the Dodd-Frank Act, the Committee’s Republican chair and other Democratic Senators are still hopeful that a deal can be made to repeal some of the most stringent financial regulations put in place after the global financial crisis. Of course, many are confident that it will be regulators with a more relaxed attitude that will ultimately lead the way in effectively deregulating the banking sector, not lawmakers.  

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-07/ex-jpmorgan-chase-wealth-manager-wins-trial-over-2009-firing

Photographer: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg It took Jennifer Sharkey more than eight years to get a trial over her dismissal from JPMorgan Chase & Co. A Manhattan jury needed only five hours to find the former wealth manager was fired illegally and award her $1.13 million in damages. Then, it took just an hour for a Manhattan judge to upend the verdict and send the whole case back to square one. A jury of five women and three men found that the bank retaliated by firing Sharkey after she recommended the dumping of a client whom she suspected of fraud and money laundering. The panel rejected the bank’s claim that Sharkey was dismissed because she lied to her boss on multiple occasions. Sharkey was awarded $563,000 in back pay and $563,000 for emotional damage. That was before lunch on Tuesday. A little more than an hour later, U.S. District Judge Denise Cote said she’ll likely order a new trial if the two sides don’t hammer out a settlement because the verdict is "substantially flawed." "The award of emotional damages says to me that the jury was prejudiced against the bank," Cote said after JPMorgan Chase asked her to throw out the jury verdict. "That undermines the entire verdict." Both sides declined to comment after the hearing. Sharkey claimed she was let go in 2009 after telling her superiors she planned to recommend that JPMorgan Chase end its relationship with a client who had about $14 million at the bank. She testified she was worried the diamond seller who had also founded a phone calling-card business might have been involved in fraud and money laundering. “I was fired the next day,” Sharkey testified in Manhattan federal court. The case marked a rare trial of Sarbanes-Oxley whistle-blower claims in a dispute that got its start in the months following the discovery that Bernard Madoff used JPMorgan Chase bank accounts in his Ponzi scheme. Because of a pretrial ruling by the judge, Sharkey wasn’t allowed to testify about client-screening procedures at JPMorgan Chase in the wake of the Madoff fraud. "Of course I’m very happy -- 8 1/2 years," Sharkey said before the jury’s verdict was thrown into question by the judge. Sharkey got her day -- a week, actually -- in court after years of delays, including two appeals that reinstated her claims. A judge who said at a pretrial hearing that he’d “do anything to get rid of this case” withdrew from the case and was replaced with Cote. Jurors were forced to contend with an alphabet soup of letters that stood in for the names of people and companies. The client who raised Sharkey’s suspicions, for example, was referred to as Client A to protect his identity. Other characters in the story were given the names Client H, Manager T and Client BW. Sharkey’s former boss, Leslie Lassiter, testified that she lied numerous times when asked if she’d contacted the office of another client and that was the reason for her firing. The client’s office manager called to complain that Sharkey hadn’t returned calls and asked whether the wealth manager was just “a phantom," according to Lassiter. The trial quickly turned into a personal battle between Sharkey’s story and Lassiter’s. Each side accused the other’s star witness of lying. Two JPMorgan Chase executives, Joe Kenney and Adam Green, were found by the jury not liable, conclusions the judge said she would leave intact. Cote said she believed the fact the jury awarded the same amount in emotional damages as in back pay meant they were in fact trying to award punitive damages, against her instructions. She said she believed the evidence showed that Sharkey was fired for lying and that a rational jury couldn’t have found that she reasonably believed the diamond broker violated any laws, such as money laundering or fraud, spelled out in the Sarbanes-Oxley protections. "It’s with sadness that I make these findings because I know you have all been engaged in a very long journey here," Cote said. The bank’s legal team reacted with hugs and backslaps. The case is Sharkey v. JPMorgan Chase & Co., 10-cv-03824, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York (Manhattan). 

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-07/ex-jpmorgan-chase-wealth-manager-wins-trial-over-2009-firing

Photographer: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg It took Jennifer Sharkey more than eight years to get a trial over her dismissal from JPMorgan Chase & Co. A Manhattan jury needed only five hours to find the former wealth manager was fired illegally and award her $1.13 million in damages. Then, it took just an hour for a Manhattan judge to upend the verdict and send the whole case back to square one. A jury of five women and three men found that the bank retaliated by firing Sharkey after she recommended the dumping of a client whom she suspected of fraud and money laundering. The panel rejected the bank’s claim that Sharkey was dismissed because she lied to her boss on multiple occasions. Sharkey was awarded $563,000 in back pay and $563,000 for emotional damage. That was before lunch on Tuesday. A little more than an hour later, U.S. District Judge Denise Cote said she’ll likely order a new trial if the two sides don’t hammer out a settlement because the verdict is "substantially flawed." "The award of emotional damages says to me that the jury was prejudiced against the bank," Cote said after JPMorgan Chase asked her to throw out the jury verdict. "That undermines the entire verdict." Both sides declined to comment after the hearing. Sharkey claimed she was let go in 2009 after telling her superiors she planned to recommend that JPMorgan Chase end its relationship with a client who had about $14 million at the bank. She testified she was worried the diamond seller who had also founded a phone calling-card business might have been involved in fraud and money laundering. “I was fired the next day,” Sharkey testified in Manhattan federal court. The case marked a rare trial of Sarbanes-Oxley whistle-blower claims in a dispute that got its start in the months following the discovery that Bernard Madoff used JPMorgan Chase bank accounts in his Ponzi scheme. Because of a pretrial ruling by the judge, Sharkey wasn’t allowed to testify about client-screening procedures at JPMorgan Chase in the wake of the Madoff fraud. "Of course I’m very happy -- 8 1/2 years," Sharkey said before the jury’s verdict was thrown into question by the judge. Sharkey got her day -- a week, actually -- in court after years of delays, including two appeals that reinstated her claims. A judge who said at a pretrial hearing that he’d “do anything to get rid of this case” withdrew from the case and was replaced with Cote. Jurors were forced to contend with an alphabet soup of letters that stood in for the names of people and companies. The client who raised Sharkey’s suspicions, for example, was referred to as Client A to protect his identity. Other characters in the story were given the names Client H, Manager T and Client BW. Sharkey’s former boss, Leslie Lassiter, testified that she lied numerous times when asked if she’d contacted the office of another client and that was the reason for her firing. The client’s office manager called to complain that Sharkey hadn’t returned calls and asked whether the wealth manager was just “a phantom," according to Lassiter. The trial quickly turned into a personal battle between Sharkey’s story and Lassiter’s. Each side accused the other’s star witness of lying. Two JPMorgan Chase executives, Joe Kenney and Adam Green, were found by the jury not liable, conclusions the judge said she would leave intact. Cote said she believed the fact the jury awarded the same amount in emotional damages as in back pay meant they were in fact trying to award punitive damages, against her instructions. She said she believed the evidence showed that Sharkey was fired for lying and that a rational jury couldn’t have found that she reasonably believed the diamond broker violated any laws, such as money laundering or fraud, spelled out in the Sarbanes-Oxley protections. "It’s with sadness that I make these findings because I know you have all been engaged in a very long journey here," Cote said. The bank’s legal team reacted with hugs and backslaps. The case is Sharkey v. JPMorgan Chase & Co., 10-cv-03824, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York (Manhattan). 

http://fortune.com/2017/10/12/jpmorgan-shares-quarterly-earnings/

JPMorgan Chase‘s quarterly profit and revenue easily trumped Wall Street’s expectations on Thursday, but a slump in bond trading clouded gains from loan growth and higher interest rates. Financial market trading was again a dark spot for the bank with revenue from bond trading diving 27% compared with a year earlier, when it was boosted by higher market activity due to Brexit and the U.S. election. Equity markets revenue was also down 4%. Shares of JPMorgan (jpm), which kicked off earnings for banks in the United States, rose 0.6% to $97.42 in premarket trading. “The results were solid but not exceptional,” said Morningstar analyst Jim Sinegal. Several large U.S. banks had warned last month that revenue from trading stocks and bonds would take a hit in the third quarter. JPMorgan‘s total markets revenue fell 21%. Chief Executive Jamie Dimon last month forecast a decline of about 20% for the quarter. But the bank’s average loan growth and higher net interest income in the third quarter helped it cushion some of blow. “The global economy continues to do well and the U.S. consumer remains healthy with solid wage growth,” Dimon said in a statement. The bank’s average loan balances in the third quarter were up 7% from a year earlier, about half the pace of growth a year-earlier. Loan growth has been anemic for U.S. banks as interest rates come off historic lows. President Donald Trump’s pro-business policies were expected to boost loan growth, but waning optimism about the administration’s ability to push through reforms has hurt growth. The bank’s total revenue rose 2.7%, topping the average analyst estimate of $25.23 billion. Net profit rose 7.1% to $6.73 billion, or $1.76 per share, in the third quarter ended Sept. 30. Analysts had expected earnings of $1.65 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Stock repurchases by the company during the past year under capital plans approved by the Federal Reserve boosted earnings per share. Net interest income rose 10 percent to $12.80 billion due to higher interest rates. The bank’s net interest margin increased as the interest rate it earned on average assets increased 0.37 percentage points—more than the 0.29 percentage point increase in the interest rate on its liabilities. Since the year-earlier quarter, the Fed raised overnight rates in December, March and June for a total of 0.75 percentage points. It is widely expected to hike rates again in December. Total noninterest expenses fell 1% to $14.32 billion. 

http://www.foxbusiness.com/markets/2017/10/12/jpmorgan-chase-co-not-seeing-any-impact-from-equifax-fraud.html

During a third-quarter earnings call for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM), CFO Marianne Lake noted that the bank was “not seeing a significant impact” from the Equifax (EFX) security breach. Continue Reading Below A data breach at consumer credit monitoring agency Equifax exposed sensitive personal information including the Social Security numbers of an estimated 145 million consumers, almost half of the U.S. population.  Lake said that JPM is “under constant attack on the fraud side. This is not the first, nor will it be the last breach.” She added that, “JPM is constantly refining how they think about fraud protection, and there won’t be any significant changes due to this breach.”  Executives on the webcast mentioned that JPM could “increase security controls” if it’s made known that a person’s information has been breached. Lake added that with security breaches becoming more common, overall, JPM’s fraud costs have been going up, but there has been no specific increase from this latest breach.  

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stock-long/

Investors on Wall Street have had a dilemma of late with regards to trading bank stocks. For example, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) has had an incredible rally, up 42% in 12 months. Yet, JPM stock still only trades at a price-to-earnings ratio of 14x, which is low by any standard. So even though it has come so far so fast, there is no real reason to sell it. JPMorgan is the creme of the crop. A pristine bank and it only sells at 1.5 book value. It has an impeccable balance sheet, so management will defend its stock with dividends and buyback programs. Under the Trump administration, banks have favorable operating conditions. This scenario is the case for almost every major bank. JPM reported earnings this morning and even though it beat its estimates, investors are not buying the stock yet. And therein lies my opportunity today. I want to capitalize on whatever pause that JPM stock sees in the next few days. Even though it is cheap already, I will not buy the shares out right and hope for a rally. After all, JPMorgan stock is almost three digits, so mathematically there’s plenty of downside risk. Instead, I will use options where I can to create a sizable buffer just in case there is more trouble ahead for banks then is showing now. Technically, JPM had been trading inside a tightening range from which a breakout was looming. Expectations on Wall Street were that it would be over $100 per share by the end of the week. The flip side of that range is that upon losing the ascending higher-low trend, it could retest to $94 per share. While this is not a forecast, it is a potential scenario. For the next few months, there are several other areas that would be support zones to cover an 8% drop in JPMorgan stock. The key to my strategy today is that I’m willing to own the shares under current macroeconomic conditions should the worst case scenario happen between now and 2018. I am confident that I would be able to manage out of it for a profit. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stock-long/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/01/citigroup-inc-c-vs-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-which-is-the-better-investment/

Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) shares are up more than 23.67% this year and recently decreased -0.38% or -$0.28 to settle at $73.50. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), on the other hand, is up 16.60% year to date as of 10/31/2017. It currently trades at $100.61 and has returned -0.31% during the past week. Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) are the two most active stocks in the Money Center Banks industry based on today’s trading volumes. To determine if one is a better investment than the other, we will compare the two companies’ growth, profitability, risk, return, and valuation characteristics, as well as their analyst ratings and sentiment signals. Growth Companies that can increase earnings at a high compound rate over time are attractive to investors. Analysts expect C to grow earnings at a 11.04% annual rate over the next 5 years. Comparatively, JPM is expected to grow at a 8.81% annual rate. All else equal, C’s higher growth rate would imply a greater potential for capital appreciation. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Profitability and Returns A high growth rate isn’t necessarily valuable to investors. In fact, companies that overinvest in low return projects just to achieve a high growth rate can actually destroy shareholder value. Profitability and returns are a measure of the quality of a company’s business and its growth opportunities. We’ll use EBITDA margin and Return on Investment (ROI) to measure this., compared to an EBITDA margin of 56.8% for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM). C’s ROI is 8.20% while JPM has a ROI of 5.90%. The interpretation is that C’s business generates a higher return on investment than JPM’s. Cash Flow  
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Cash is king when it comes to investing. On a percent-of-sales basis, C’s free cash flow was 0% while JPM converted 0% of its revenues into cash flow. This means that, for a given level of sales, C is able to generate more free cash flow for investors. Financial Risk C’s debt-to-equity ratio is 0.97 versus a D/E of 1.26 for JPM. JPM is therefore the more solvent of the two companies, and has lower financial risk. Valuation C trades at a forward P/E of 12.39, a P/B of 0.96, and a P/S of 3.34, compared to a forward P/E of 13.17, a P/B of 1.54, and a P/S of 5.72 for JPM. C is the cheaper of the two stocks on an earnings, book value and sales basis. Given that earnings are what matter most to investors, analysts tend to place a greater weight on the P/E. Analyst Price Targets and Opinions Investors often compare a stock’s current price to an analyst price target to get a sense of the potential upside within the next year. C is currently priced at a -3.35% to its one-year price target of 76.05. Comparatively, JPM is 0.99% relative to its price target of 99.62. This suggests that C is the better investment over the next year. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 2.30 for C and 2.50 for JPM, which implies that analysts are more bullish on the outlook for JPM. Risk and Volatility Analyst use beta to measure a stock’s volatility relative to the overall market. Stocks with a beta above 1 tend to have bigger swings in price than the market as a whole, the opposite being the case for stocks with a beta below 1. C has a beta of 1.57 and JPM’s beta is 1.21. JPM’s shares are therefore the less volatile of the two stocks. Insider Activity and Investor Sentiment Analysts often look at short interest, or the percentage of a company’s float currently being shorted by investors, to aid in their outlook for a particular stock. C has a short ratio of 1.90 compared to a short interest of 2.29 for JPM. This implies that the market is currently less bearish on the outlook for C. Summary Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C) beats JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) on a total of 10 of the 14 factors compared between the two stocks. C is growing fastly, generates a higher return on investment, higher liquidity and has lower financial risk. In terms of valuation, C is the cheaper of the two stocks on an earnings, book value and sales basis, C is more undervalued relative to its price target. Finally, C has better sentiment signals based on short interest. 

http://newburghgazette.com/2017/10/31/most-recent-analysts-ratings-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm/

 Diane Wilson 

31 October 2017, 08:20 
 The financial services provider reported $1.76 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts' consensus estimates of $1.67 by $0.09. The stock declined 0.01% or $0.01 reaching $101.4 per share. About 594 shares traded. Barracuda Networks, Inc. designs and delivers security and data protection solutions. The company has the market capitalization of $358.02B while its P/B ratio was 1.56. It has a 135.24 P/E ratio. The Company's solutions are created to manage information technology activities for its customers. Its down 0.81, from 1.46 in 2017Q1. Ratings analysis reveals 63% of Barracuda Networks's analysts are positive. J P Morgan Chase & Co's revenue for the quarter was up 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. More extreme high and low levels-80 and 20, or 90 and 10-occur less frequently but indicate stronger momentum. On Wednesday, September 20 the stock rating was maintained by Robert W. Baird with "Hold". The stock has "Outperform" rating by CLSA on Tuesday, August 25. The company had a trading volume of 13,571,306 shares. Insiders own 0.88% of the company's stock. On Tuesday, October 4 the stock rating was downgraded by Imperial Capital to "Underperform". The stock has "Neutral" rating by Goldman Sachs on Monday, January 11. The stock of CVS Group Plc (LON:CVSG) has "Corporate" rating given on Thursday, November 24 by N+1 Singer. About 1.89M shares traded or 68.75% up from the average. Barracuda Networks Inc (CUDA) has risen 38.20% since October 30, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 11.94% the S&P500.; Frontier Management Communication holds 0.27% or 30,498 shares. Notis owns 19,942 shares. The institutional investor held 199,800 shares of the major banks company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $18.26 million, up from 181,000 at the end of the previous reported quarter. The California-based Ami Asset Management Corp has invested 0.78% in the stock. Parkside Bank & Tru, Missouri-based fund reported 102 shares. Many analysts have provided their estimated foresights on JPMorgan Chase & Co. Therefore 53% are positive. BidaskClub downgraded shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co from a "hold" rating to a "sell" rating in a research note on Tuesday, August 1st. They set an "outperform" rating and a $110.00 target price on the stock. On Monday, July 17 the stock rating was maintained by RBC Capital Markets with "Buy". As per Wednesday, October 7, the company rating was maintained by Jefferies. The rating was maintained by Piper Jaffray on Thursday, July 13 with "Buy". JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s payout ratio is 33.10%. The noticeable indication captures as JPM has 4.00% of earning per share growth for this year. CIBC World Markets Inc. now owns 602,402 shares of the financial services provider's stock worth $37,433,000 after buying an additional 26,543 shares during the period. In other J P Morgan Chase & Co news, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 2,099 shares of the company's stock in a transaction on Thursday, October 26th. (NYSE:JPM) has "Mkt Perform" rating given on Tuesday, January 17 by Keefe Bruyette & Woods. The third largest holder is State Street Corp, which now holds $16.96 billion worth of this stock and that ownership represents almost 4.74% of its market capitalization. Credit Suisse maintained JPMorgan Chase & Co. JP Morgan maintained Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) rating on Thursday, May 19. At the end of 06/30/2017 reporting period, 1,033 institutional holders increased their position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. It improved, as 56 investors sold JPM shares while 678 reduced holdings. 146 funds opened positions while 731 raised stakes. Univest Of Pennsylvania holds 1.97% or 51,137 shares in its portfolio. BMO Capital Markets maintained JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Wellington Shields And Co Ltd Llc owns 29,168 shares for 0.92% of their portfolio. After this sale, 3,783 common shares of JPM are directly owned by the insider, with total stake valued at $384,996. The stock of Bankrate Inc (NYSE:RATE) has "Neutral" rating given on Monday, July 3 by Sidoti. 25,021 are owned by S&Co.; Piedmont Invest Ltd Llc invested in 30,811 shares. Investors of record on Friday, October 6th will be paid a dividend of $0.56 per share. Delta Cap Management Llc has 59,125 shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. on 9/29/2017 reported its EPS as $1.71 with the analysts projecting the EPS of the stock as $1.44. (NYSE:JPM). Windsor Cap Mngmt Ltd owns 5,368 shares. George Kaiser Family Foundation invested in 1.47% or 35,056 shares. Numeric Investors Limited Liability Co reported 232,500 shares. Moreover, Qs Invsts Ltd Limited Liability Company has 0.11% invested in Humana Inc (NYSE:HUM) for 55,530 shares. - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.  

https://weeklyregister.com/as-jp-morgan-chase-co-jpm-market-value-declined-holder-vestor-capital-llc-lowered-holding-by-4-79-million/



					

						October 30, 2017 - By Maria Brooks
 Investors sentiment increased to 1.19 in Q2 2017. Its up 0.32, from 0.87 in 2017Q1. It improved, as 56 investors sold JPM shares while 678 reduced holdings. 146 funds opened positions while 731 raised stakes. 2.69 billion shares or 4.21% more from 2.58 billion shares in 2017Q1 were reported. 74,927 were reported by Tower Bridge Advsrs. Inc Ok has invested 0.24% of its portfolio in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). 2,885 are owned by Bath Savings Tru. Matthew 25 Corp holds 280,000 shares or 7.1% of its portfolio. The New Jersey-based Economic Planning Grp Adv has invested 0.49% in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Bellecapital Limited holds 0.45% of its portfolio in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) for 5,567 shares. Piedmont Advisors Ltd Liability accumulated 756,583 shares. Northern Lc reported 47,352 shares. Moreover, Blue Chip has 2.95% invested in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Brinker Cap Inc, Pennsylvania-based fund reported 99,805 shares. 12,711 are held by Liberty Cap Mngmt. Waratah Cap Limited invested 0.28% in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Columbia Asset Mngmt holds 1.07% or 36,360 shares. Capital Mgmt Ltd Liability Com holds 1.3% of its portfolio in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) for 173,280 shares. Nwq Invest Management Co Limited Liability Company stated it has 2.05% in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Since May 11, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 1 sale for $568,100 activity.  Vestor Capital Llc decreased its stake in Jp Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) by 31.04% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC. Vestor Capital Llc sold 52,636 shares as the company’s stock declined 6.04% while stock markets rallied. The institutional investor held 116,929 shares of the major banks company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $10.69M, down from 169,565 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Vestor Capital Llc who had been investing in Jp Morgan Chase & Co for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $358.12B market cap company. The stock increased 0.02% or $0.02 during the last trading session, reaching $101.77. About 324 shares traded. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) has risen 33.74% since October 30, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 17.04% the S&P500.
Vestor Capital Llc, which manages about $525.40 million and $411.32 million US Long portfolio, upped its stake in Vanguard Emerging Markets Etf (VWO) by 287,583 shares to 289,067 shares, valued at $11.80 million in 2017Q2, according to the filing. 
 Vestor Capital Llc decreased its stake in Jp Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) by 31.04% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC. Vestor Capital Llc sold 52,636 shares as the company’s stock declined 6.04% while stock markets rallied. The institutional investor held 116,929 shares of the major banks company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $10.69M, down from 169,565 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Vestor Capital Llc who had been investing in Jp Morgan Chase & Co for a number of months, seems to be less bullish one the $358.12B market cap company. The stock increased 0.02% or $0.02 during the last trading session, reaching $101.77. About 324 shares traded. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) has risen 33.74% since October 30, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 17.04% the S&P500. Vestor Capital Llc, which manages about $525.40 million and $411.32 million US Long portfolio, upped its stake in Vanguard Emerging Markets Etf (VWO) by 287,583 shares to 289,067 shares, valued at $11.80 million in 2017Q2, according to the filing.  

