http://www.columbiatribune.com/news/20171109/mu-creates-scholarship-to-assist-rotc-students

 The University of Missouri wants to double the number of students with national ROTC scholarships on campus by providing free housing and meals, Chancellor Alexander Cartwright said Thursday.In a news conference with Lt. Col. Gary Kerr, department head for MU’s Army ROTC, Cartwright said the $10,000 annual cost of the program would bring more top students with leadership qualities to the campus.“We want these young people here,” Cartwright said. “They are just exceptional individuals who contribute to this entire community and really make the place a much better place to be.”National ROTC scholarships cover tuition and required fees and also provide a book allowance and monthly stipend equal to $5,000 a year.There are 280 ROTC students on campus in Army, Navy and Air Force programs, with 148 on ROTC scholarships. The scholarships will be offered to new freshman who enroll for the fall 2018 semester.  The University of Missouri wants to double the number of students with national ROTC scholarships on campus by providing free housing and meals, Chancellor Alexander Cartwright said Thursday. In a news conference with Lt. Col. Gary Kerr, department head for MU’s Army ROTC, Cartwright said the $10,000 annual cost of the program would bring more top students with leadership qualities to the campus. “We want these young people here,” Cartwright said. “They are just exceptional individuals who contribute to this entire community and really make the place a much better place to be.” National ROTC scholarships cover tuition and required fees and also provide a book allowance and monthly stipend equal to $5,000 a year. There are 280 ROTC students on campus in Army, Navy and Air Force programs, with 148 on ROTC scholarships. The scholarships will be offered to new freshman who enroll for the fall 2018 semester.   

http://www.newsroomamerica.com/story/675802.html

By Newsroom America Feeds at  9 Nov 11:55 Story Contact: 
Jeff Sossamon, sossamonj@missouri.edu, 573-882-3346 COLUMBIA, Mo. – Today, University of Missouri Chancellor Alexander Cartwright and Lt. Col. Gary Kerr, professor of military science and leadership and department head for the University Army ROTC, announced a new Mizzou ROTC Scholarship that will expand higher education access and affordability at MU. Beginning in Fall 2018, the scholarship will cover room and board costs for the freshman year for incoming ROTC students who are national scholarship winners from the Army, Air Force, Navy or Marines. ROTC scholarships will mean that Mizzou Army and Navy ROTC students who are interested in serving as commissioned officers in the U.S. military will be able to attend the university at a substantially reduced cost. Based on current enrollment, it is expected that more than 45 MU students from Missouri will qualify for the grants annually. “The University of Missouri has a long-standing commitment to training and educating America’s future leaders; today, we are reaffirming our commitment to providing access to stellar military education to the citizens of Missouri, our nation and the world,” Cartwright said. “It is a tremendous honor to invest in the state’s best and brightest military scholars and we thank them for their current and future service.” The mission of the ROTC program at Mizzou is to commission the future officer leadership of the U.S. military forces. ROTC is centered on leadership development in both the classroom and field environment and those cadets and midshipmen wishing to continue are commissioned as officers in their respective military branches. “Cadets interested in serving their country as officers are well-prepared to do so,” said Kerr. “ROTC is a demanding program that attracts the state’s most dedicated students. Students who are eligible for the new scholarships often are involved in leadership roles in student, service and athletic organizations. Most are national honor society members, and many are Eagle Scouts. These awards will build upon the excellence that these students already represent, while keeping college education affordable.” Mizzou invests about $12 million per year on need-based financial aid to promote access and affordability in higher education. MU students graduate, on average, with $8,000 less in student debt than the national average. “Keeping higher education affordable while developing our students into future military leaders has always been a priority at Mizzou,” said James Musgraves, commander and executive officer of the University of Missouri Naval ROTC program. “Ensuring that these potential leaders leave us with as little debt as possible will put them on a greater path of success in their military careers.” 







 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/micron-technology-mu-stock-steal/

Source: Shutterstock If the 150% run-up from Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) has you nervous about stepping into a new MU stock position, you’re not alone. Likewise, if you were burned by Micron in the past, as it and other memory makers overproduced and set the stage for a price-crushing glut, your worry is entirely understandable. This is a case, however, where the seemingly unlikely is actually rather plausible. In other words, as impossible as it may feel, there’s room and reason for the MU stock price to keep rising, allowing for — of course — the usual short-term ebb and flow all stocks go through from time to time. And you’ve mostly got rival Samsung Electronics (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) to thank for it. Long term investors with good memories will remember the alarming Micron Technology news headlines from 2007 and then, again, in 2012. In both cases, the advent of bigger and better computers, smartphones and operating systems called more for DRAM memory, but the industry over-responded, creating production capacity far in excess of the actual need, setting the stage for a rather dramatic plunge in memory chip prices. Given the back-to-back nature of the two gluts, it would have been easy to see the 2016/2017 cyclical wave of new memory demand (largely driven by the launch of the Windows 10 operating system) result in the same problems created the last couple of times around. Giving credit where it’s due, however, memory companies like Samsung, Micron and K Hynix (OTCMKTS:HXSCL) have remained disciplined enough to not fall into the same trap they fell into in the past. Fast forward to late October. That’s when Samsung made it clear that it foresees more demand than supply for NAND and DRAM chips into 2018. It’s planning on double-digit growth in shipments of both kinds of memory chips in the coming year, mirroring Micron’s outlook in its most recent quarterly report. And for what it’s worth, nobody with anything to gain by painting a rosy picture disagrees with either company’s assessment of the future. As Stifel Nicolaus analyst Patrick Ho wrote in response to Samsung’s quarterly report and outlook: “While there may be investor concern over the significant capex targeting memory, we believe that at this time and into at least 1H18, both memory segments (NAND and DRAM) will remain in short supply versus demand trends. In fact, for 3D NAND, we believe that despite the significant amount of industry 3D NAND capacity that is likely coming on board in 2017 and 2018, demand will continue to outweigh supply through all of 2018 and possibly through 2019 as well.” While the tailwind is strong for Micron, along with the few peers it has left, it would be naive to not at least acknowledge the huge advance the stock has made since this time last year. And the 57% rally just since its August low certainly leaves MU stock vulnerable to some profit-taking pressure. Just don’t mistake a little profit-taking for the beginning of a major pullback. As of the latest look, the MU stock price of $43.90 translates into a trailing price-earnings ratio of 9.9 and a forward-looking P/E ratio of 6.5, the latter of which is founded on a credible, GAAP earnings outlook — no tricks or one-time benefits. That’s dirt cheap by any sector’s standards, but incredibly cheap given the technology sector’s typical valuations. The reason? Some, and possibly most, investors are still hesitant to believe this isn’t a repeat of 2007 and 2012. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/micron-technology-mu-stock-steal/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://simplywall.st/news/2017/11/09/have-investors-already-priced-in-micron-technology-incs-mu-growth/

 Micron Technology Inc (NASDAQ:MU) saw a significant share price rise of over 20% in the past couple of months on the NasdaqGS. As a large-cap stock with high coverage by analysts, you could assume any recent changes in the company’s outlook is already priced into the stock. But what if there is still an opportunity to buy? Let’s examine MU’s valuation and outlook in more detail to determine if there’s still a bargain opportunity. See our latest analysis for MU   What’s the opportunity in MU? The stock seems fairly valued at the moment according to my valuation model. It’s trading around 16% below my intrinsic value, which means if you buy MU today, you’d be paying a reasonable price for it. And if you believe MU’s true value is $52.63, then there’s not much of an upside to gain from mispricing. Is there another opportunity to buy low in the future? Since MU’s share price is quite volatile, we could potentially see it sink lower (or rise higher) in the future, giving us another chance to buy. This is based on its high beta, which is a good indicator for how much MU moves relative to the rest of the market.   What does the future of MU look like?     NasdaqGS:MU Future Profit Nov 9th 17  Investors looking for growth in their portfolio may want to consider the prospects of a company before buying its shares. Buying a great company with a robust outlook at a cheap price is always a good investment, so let’s also take a look at MU future expectations. MU’s earnings over the next few years are expected to increase by 36.25%, indicating a highly optimistic future ahead. This should lead to more robust cash flows, feeding into a higher share value.    Are you a shareholder? It seems like the market has already priced in MU’s positive outlook, with shares trading around its fair value. However, there are also other important factors which we haven’t considered today, such as the track record of its management team. Have these factors changed since the last time you looked at MU? Will you have enough conviction to buy should the price fluctuates below the true value?   Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on MU, now may not be the most advantageous time to buy, given it is trading around its fair value. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for MU, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors such as the strength of its balance sheet, in order to take advantage of the next price drop.   Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Micron Technology. You can find everything you need to know about MU in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Micron Technology, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential. Discounted cash flow calculation for every stock
Simply Wall St does a detailed discounted cash flow calculation every 6 hours for every stock on the market, so if you want to find the intrinsic value of any company just search here. It’s FREE.   Are you a shareholder? It seems like the market has already priced in MU’s positive outlook, with shares trading around its fair value. However, there are also other important factors which we haven’t considered today, such as the track record of its management team. Have these factors changed since the last time you looked at MU? Will you have enough conviction to buy should the price fluctuates below the true value?   Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on MU, now may not be the most advantageous time to buy, given it is trading around its fair value. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for MU, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors such as the strength of its balance sheet, in order to take advantage of the next price drop.   Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Micron Technology. You can find everything you need to know about MU in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Micron Technology, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential.  

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/08/revenue-approximations-analysis-micron-technology-inc-mu-pandora-media-inc-p/

Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) gained 1.62% with the closing price of $43.95. The overall volume in the last trading session was 32.4 million shares. Company Growth Evolution: ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 19.93 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry’s average stands at 6.42 and sector’s optimum level is 14.04. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) have shown a high EPS growth of 44.20% in the last 5 years and has earnings rose of 53.80% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 1.80 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The stock appeared $45.33 above its 52-week highs and is down -0.81% for the last five trades. The stock ended last trade at $43.95 a share and the price is up more than 100.50% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 2.58 vs. an industry average at 2.87. Its sales stood at 19.80% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued. Pandora Media, Inc. (NYSE:P) ended its day at $4.94 with the rising stream of -6.44% and its total traded volume was 32.04 million shares more than the average volume. Returns and Valuations for Pandora Media, Inc. (NYSE:P) Pandora Media, Inc. (NYSE:P), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -58.55, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry’s average. The average of this ratio is 11.01 for the industry and sector’s best figure appears 11.33. Pandora Media, Inc. (NYSE:P), at its latest closing price of $4.94, it has a price-to-book ratio of 7.75, compared to an industry average at 2.46. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you’re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately. Pandora Media, Inc. (NYSE:P), stock is trading $14.10 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -51.30% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is -87.30% . Its share price has decline -42.22% in three months and is down -32.42% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.40. 

https://www.economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/07/what-is-insider-trading-activity-like-at-micron-technology-inc-mu/

Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) has seen its stock price gain 21.33, or +97.31%, so far in 2017. In the past 3-month period alone, shares of MU have appreciated +15.33 – or +54.91%. The stock’s 52-week range is $16.45 to $45.33, and its 3-month range is $26.85 to $45.33. The average Wall Street analyst rating for Micron Technology, Inc. is Strong Buy, according to the average of 20 analyst scores. Of those analysts, 16 rate stock as a Strong Buy, 2 rate it as Hold, and just no analyst rates it as a Moderate Sell. Insider Trading Activity for Micron Technology, Inc. Analyzing recent insider trading activity at Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) is a good way of gaining insight into the stock’s performance. Micron Technology, Inc. has had 48 insider trades in the last 3 months, including 16 open market buys and 32 sells. Of those insider trades, 463,179 shares of Micron Technology, Inc. were purchased and 418,611 shares were sold. The total number of shares traded in the last 90-day period is 881,790. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Insider trading over the last 12 months, however, paints a different picture. In the last year there have been a total of 81 insider trades, including 18 open market buys and 63 sells. Of those transactions, there were 732,436 shares of MU bought and 1.15 million shares sold. The total number of shares traded in the last 12 months is 1.89 million. The most recent open market insider trade was Automatic Sell of 3,000 shares on a day where the closing price was 44.55. The insider, BAILEY ROBERT L, now holds 117,299 shares of MU. The most recent non open market insider trade was completed by MEHROTRA SANJAY on 10/24/2017, and was a acquisition of 108,277 shares with a final price of $0. The insider now holds 352,448 shares of Micron Technology, Inc. (MU). Examining Institutional Ownership at Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) According to Micron Technology, Inc.’s latest 13F filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), institutional ownership is at 77.39%. The total amount of shares outstanding is 1.17 billion, giving the company a market capitalization of about 50.60 billion. There are 781 institutional holders with active positions, accounting for 892.54 million shares in total. Of those holders, 365 had increased positions amounting to 125.68 million shares, 341 had decreased positions amounting to 120.37 million shares, and 75 holders have a held position accounting for 646.48 million shares. The top 5 institutional holders, in ascending order, are as follows: VANGUARD GROUP INC with 72.58 million shares, BLACKROCK INC. with 62.48 million shares, PRIMECAP MANAGEMENT CO/CA/ with 59 million shares, STATE STREET CORP with 41.56 million shares, and CAPITAL RESEARCH GLOBAL INVESTORS with 39.79 million shares. According to Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) most recent 13F filing, the company has 92 new institutional holders – accounting for 9.23 million shares of its common stock. There were 68 sold out positions, amounting to 14.97 million shares. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/07/should-you-invest-in-micron-technology-inc-mu-a-look-at-the-insider-trends/

Recent insider trends for Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) have caught the attention of investors. Patters in insider activity can help analysts formulate an outlook for a stock. In the case of MU, the data has a lot to say about how the stock might perform going forward. Institutions own 77.39% of Micron Technology, Inc. (MU)’s shares. The total value of these holdings, in millions, is $39,013. Among active positions in the latest quarter, 365 holders increased their positions by a total of 125.68 million shares, 341 holders decreased the positions by a total of 120.37 million shares, and 75 holders held their positions. This works out to a net increase in ownership of 5.31 million shares, and suggests that institutions are feeling bullish about the stock. Among new and sold out positions, 92 holders initiated new positions by a total of 9.23 million shares and 68 holders exited their positions by a total of 14.97 million shares. This nets out to a decrease of 5.74 million shares and is another bearish sign for MU. In the last three months, insiders executed a total of 48 trades. 16 of these were buys and 32 were sells. Insider ownership increased by a total of 44568 shares, which suggests that MU’s key executives are feeling more optimistic about the outlook for the stock. The data from the past twelve months tells a different story: insiders executed 18 buys and 63 sells, and ownership decreased by a net of 420187 shares. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Short interest, or the number of a stock’s tradable shares currently being shorted, is another metric investors use to get a pulse on sentiment. Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU)’s short interest is 54.71 million shares, or 5.24% of the float. This represents a decrease of -1% in the number of shares being shorted compared to the previous reading, and implies that investors felt less pessimistic about the stock during the past two weeks. Ownership trends and trading patterns can be useful tools for predicting a stock’s performance, but it’s also important to consider the technicals in order to form a more comprehensive view. A composite of 13 technical indicators that includes measures such as moving averages and momentum oscillators suggests that MU is a Strong buy, which implies that MU is expected to outperform the market based on prior trading patterns. Conclusion 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Institutional ownership trends suggest that the stock is cheap and the insider trading data indicates that insiders are bullish. Technical indicators (also) suggest that Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) is undervalued. 

https://factsreporter.com/2017/11/08/featured-stock-for-investors-micron-technology-inc-mu-2/

Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) belonging to the Technology sector has surged 1.62% and closed its last trading session at $43.95. The company reported its EPS on 8/30/2017. Currently, the stock has a 1 Year Price Target of $50.72. The consensus recommendation, according to Zacks Investment research, is 1.27. The scale runs from 1 to 5 with 1 recommending Strong Buy and 5 recommending a Strong Sell. The Stock had a 1.29 Consensus Analyst Recommendation 30 Days Ago, whereas 60 days ago and 90 days ago the analyst recommendations were 1.25 and 1.25 respectively. Micron Technology, Inc. on 8/30/2017 reported its EPS as $0.32 with the analysts projecting the EPS of the stock as $0.28. The company beat the analyst EPS Estimate with the difference of $0.04. This shows a surprise factor of 0.143%. Many analysts have provided their estimated foresights on Micron Technology, Inc. Earnings, with 25 analysts believing the company would generate an Average Estimate of $2.17. Whereas they predicted High and Low Earnings Estimate as $2.25 and $2.09 respectively. While in the same Quarter Previous year, the Actual EPS was $0.32. Analysts are also projecting an Average Revenue Estimate for Micron Technology, Inc. as $6.38 Million in the Current Quarter. This estimate is provided by 25 analysts. The High Revenue estimate is predicted as 6.58 Million, while the Low Revenue Estimate prediction stands at 6.3 Million. The company’s last year sales total was 3.97 Million. For the Current Quarter, the growth estimate for Micron Technology, Inc. is 578.1%, while for the Next Quarter the stock growth estimate is 114.4%. In the past 5 years, the stock showed growth of 42.16% per annum. While for the next 5 years, the growth estimate is -18.2%. Insider Trades for Micron Technology, Inc. show that the latest trade was made on 31 Oct 2017 where Bailey (Robert Lee), the Director completed a transaction type “Sell” in which 3000 shares were traded at a price of $44.55. Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) has the market capitalization of $51.42 Billion. The company rocked its 52-Week High of $45.33 and touched its 52-Week Low of $16.75. The stock has Return on Assets (ROA) of 15.8 percent. Return on Equity (ROE) stands at 33.2% and Return on Investment (ROI) of 19.2 percent. The stock is currently showing YTD performance of 100.5 Percent. The company has Beta Value of 1.79 and ATR value of 1.28. The Weekly and Monthly Volatility stands at 3.10% and 2.94%.   

https://simplywall.st/news/2017/11/09/have-investors-already-priced-in-micron-technology-incs-mu-growth/

 Micron Technology Inc (NASDAQ:MU) saw a significant share price rise of over 20% in the past couple of months on the NasdaqGS. As a large-cap stock with high coverage by analysts, you could assume any recent changes in the company’s outlook is already priced into the stock. But what if there is still an opportunity to buy? Let’s examine MU’s valuation and outlook in more detail to determine if there’s still a bargain opportunity. See our latest analysis for MU   What’s the opportunity in MU? The stock seems fairly valued at the moment according to my valuation model. It’s trading around 16% below my intrinsic value, which means if you buy MU today, you’d be paying a reasonable price for it. And if you believe MU’s true value is $52.63, then there’s not much of an upside to gain from mispricing. Is there another opportunity to buy low in the future? Since MU’s share price is quite volatile, we could potentially see it sink lower (or rise higher) in the future, giving us another chance to buy. This is based on its high beta, which is a good indicator for how much MU moves relative to the rest of the market.   What does the future of MU look like?     NasdaqGS:MU Future Profit Nov 9th 17  Investors looking for growth in their portfolio may want to consider the prospects of a company before buying its shares. Buying a great company with a robust outlook at a cheap price is always a good investment, so let’s also take a look at MU future expectations. MU’s earnings over the next few years are expected to increase by 36.25%, indicating a highly optimistic future ahead. This should lead to more robust cash flows, feeding into a higher share value.    Are you a shareholder? It seems like the market has already priced in MU’s positive outlook, with shares trading around its fair value. However, there are also other important factors which we haven’t considered today, such as the track record of its management team. Have these factors changed since the last time you looked at MU? Will you have enough conviction to buy should the price fluctuates below the true value?   Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on MU, now may not be the most advantageous time to buy, given it is trading around its fair value. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for MU, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors such as the strength of its balance sheet, in order to take advantage of the next price drop.   Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Micron Technology. You can find everything you need to know about MU in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Micron Technology, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential. Warren Buffet’s Portfolio: What is he holding?
Get insight into the mind of the most renowned value investor on the planet. Take a look at the portfolio’s top holdings, past performance, how he diversifies his investments, growth estimates and explore investment ideas based on Buffet’s investing methodology. Click here to view a FREE infographic analysis of Warren Buffet’s investment portfolio.   Are you a shareholder? It seems like the market has already priced in MU’s positive outlook, with shares trading around its fair value. However, there are also other important factors which we haven’t considered today, such as the track record of its management team. Have these factors changed since the last time you looked at MU? Will you have enough conviction to buy should the price fluctuates below the true value?   Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on MU, now may not be the most advantageous time to buy, given it is trading around its fair value. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for MU, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors such as the strength of its balance sheet, in order to take advantage of the next price drop.   Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Micron Technology. You can find everything you need to know about MU in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Micron Technology, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential.  

http://fremonttribune.com/news/local/bag-toss-tournament-benefits-mu-coach-jason-cirone/article_777c2043-b0b8-57b7-b802-24ccf5cc0922.html

Cirone Midland men’s hockey coach Jason Cirone makes a point during a timeout in Warrior victory over Indiana Tech at Sidner Ice Arena in 2014. Midland University men’s hockey coach Jason Cirone is tough. You don’t make it to the NHL if you aren’t. Before arriving at Midland, Cirone made his mark across both amateur and professional hockey ranks spending several years in the NHL with the Winnipeg Jets and Florida Panthers. He was also part of the Italian National Team in the 2006 Olympic Games and competed in the International Ice Hockey Federation World Championships on four separate occasions. Cirone has also used that toughness, honed in the rink throughout his life, in his decade long coaching career including in his job at the helm of the Midland men’s hockey team from the inception of the program in 2013. “Actually he started the program here four years ago, which would have been my first year here, and me personally I had know him for quite some time,” Blake Ortman, Warriors senior defenseman, said. “He coached in the league that I came from and so he recruited me and gave me a chance to play at the next level and is really kind of more of a father figure than a coach to all of us, he’s like family.” Earlier this year Cirone once again had to rely on his toughness as doctors found tumors in his calf and chest and on May 18 he was diagnosed with Stage 4 Myxoid Liposarcoma, a rare and aggressive soft tissue cancer. “He called the three captains in and it just hit us by surprise,” Ortman said. “We really just didn’t know what to do, a couple of us were in tears in the locker room. We all took it really hard, but we knew right away that we had to do something, whatever we could do to help.” One way Ortman, and the rest of the Midland Hockey squad, have stepped in to help their coach was to organize a fundraiser to help Cirone and his family pay for his various treatments including chemotherapy and surgeries to remove the cancerous growths. That fundraiser has come in the way of the Help Bag Cancer bag toss tournament that will be held at the tennis courts next to Heedum Field on Saturday. The tournament will begin at 11 a.m. and if weather doesn’t cooperate will be moved in to Sidner Ice Arena. The entry fee is $50 for each two person team, with all proceeds going to Cirone. “Every single bit of it is going to his GoFundMe account, and me and my teammates all put together $200 that we could give back to the winner,” Ortman said. According to Ortman, 17 teams have already signed up to participate in the fundraising tournament and once the final number is known they will set up a bracket. “Once we get the official number of teams we are going to create a quick bracket and we are just going to do it NCAA style where you work your way down to one winner,” he said. Those interested in participating in the tournament can contact Ortman by email at Ortmansb01@midlandu.edu, or by phone at 309-229-4149. According to the most recent update posted by Cirone’s wife, Kristen Meyer Cirone, on their GoFundMe page, Jason’s MRI/CT and PET scans that were completed on Nov. 2 showed now new cancer growth and his two remaining tumors have not grown since his last progress check. Cirone was also approved for surgery to remove the last remaining tumors. “He did three rounds of chemo already and he is doing a lot better,” Ortman said. “He’s doing really well and he has been upbeat and happy about everything and hasn’t really changed the kind of person he is when he is around us, he is obviously a warrior for going through that because I don’t think any of us could have done it.” At press time Cirone’s GoFundMe page had raised $27,920 of the $50,000 goal over the last two months. Donations can be made to support Cirone at https://www.gofundme.com/helping-heal-jason-cirone.  Cirone As Americans around the country prepare to honor those who served the country on Veterans Day, ground has been broken locally on a project tha… 
                                    
                                        Whenever Colin Larson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
                                    
                                 Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Click here to see the current inserts in our paper.  

