https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/Citi%2BRemains%2BPositive%2Bon%2BTesla%2B%2528TSLA%2529%2BFollowing%2BManagement%2BMeeting/13491377.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/tesla-tsla-to-acquire-automation-equipment-supplier-perbix-cm873667

 Tesla, Inc.TSLA has announced that it has agreed to buy automated equipment designer and manufacturer, Perbix Machine Co Inc, per a Reuters report. With this, Tesla is likely to further boost its efforts to turn the factory itself into a product with the aim of building up machine that makes machine.
 However, the financial details of this deal have not been divulged. This announcement comes at a time when the electric car maker is aggressively focusing on raising the production of Model 3.
 Importantly, for the last three years, Brooklyn Park, MN-based Perbix has been a supplier of Tesla. This acquisition by Tesla will enable it to produce more parts in house. In fact, Tesla's strategy is to execute much of the work within the company. Tesla manufactures a range of auto parts such as seats, which most big automakers generally contract out to specialists.
 In third-quarter 2017, Tesla incurred adjusted loss of $2.92 per share, wider than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of a loss of $2.45. The company had reported earnings of 70 cents per share in the prior-year quarter.
 Shares of Tesla have underperformed the industry it belongs to in the last three months. The company's shares have lost 15.8% compared with the industry's growth of 3.4%.
 Currently, Tesla carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).
 A few better-ranked stocks in the auto space are Navistar International Corporation NAV , Cummins Inc. CMI and PACCAR Inc. PCAR , each sporting a Zacks Rank#1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here .
 Navistar has an expected long-term growth rate of 5%.
 Cummins has an expected long-term growth rate of 12.1%.
 PACCAR has an expected long-term growth rate of 10%.Wall Street's Next Amazon
 Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It's a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius.Click for details >> 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/Tesla%2B%2528TSLA%2529%2BMay%2BAvoid%2BTariffs%2BIn%2BChina%2B-%2BBernstein%2B%2528pre-market%2529/13480217.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tesla-vs-bitcoin-which-is-the-greater-fools-investment/

It’s about a week since Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) turned in an ugly Q3 earnings report, missing EPS estimates by a mile and pinning the blame on a slower-than-expected Model 3 ramp. Tesla subsequently shifted the initial goal of 5,000 Model 3 deliveries per week from the end of 2017 to the end of Q1 2018, something that had investors running for the hills. Tesla stock has tanked nearly 10% since the event, further compounding another selloff of nearly the same magnitude in the run-up to the earnings call. Never mind that Tesla pointed a finger at its suppliers: “To date, our primary production constraint has been in the battery module assembly line at Gigafactory 1, where cells are packaged into modules. Four modules are packaged into an aluminum case to form a Model 3 battery pack. The combined complexity of module design and its automated manufacturing process has taken this line longer to ramp than expected. The biggest challenge is that the first two zones of a four zone process, key elements of which were done by manufacturing systems suppliers, had to be taken over and significantly redesigned by Tesla. We have redirected our best engineering talent to fine-tune the automated processes and related robotic programming, and we are confident that throughput will increase substantially in upcoming weeks and ultimately be capable of production rates significantly greater than the original specification.” Whether that statement is based on fact or just another case of classic Tesla hubris is open to debate. Nevertheless, TSLA stock is being raked over the coals, and the shorts cannot seem to offload it fast enough. With a current RSI reading of 23.15, TSLA stock is firmly in oversold territory. For Tesla bears, the sky must look as if it’s falling. Some investors are now suggesting your should sell your TSLA shares and put the money in Bitcoin. It’s not too hard to sympathize with that group of investors. After all, Bitcoin has climbed 17% over the timespan that TSLA has cratered. Further, Bitcoin has climbed 750% in the year-to-date, dwarfing TSLA stock’s 40% gain. At a market cap of $196 billion vs. $51 billion by TSLA stock, Bitcoin’s market cap is nearly 4 times bigger than Tesla’s, making those gains appear even more impressive. Six months ago, I opined that Bitcoin was climbing at too torrid of a pace. I predicted that a crash was imminent. As a matter of fact, Warren Buffett still thinks cryptomania will end badly. But, boy, was I wrong. Although Bitcoin has gone through a number of corrections since then, it has always promptly recovered, every single time without fail. The last major correction came when China banned ICOs in September. Yet, Bitcoin shrugged it off and has continued taking out new highs like there’s no tomorrow. Now, I can’t help imagining how much this guy who took out a $325,329 equity loan on his house and put it into Bitcoin must be gloating after seeing his investment quadruple in less than six months. Interestingly, investor and expert opinion on TSLA stock and Bitcoin remains deeply divided. Michael Pachter of Wedbush Securities once described Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) stock as a greater fool’s stock. What he meant is that people buy NFLX stock, despite the company’s razor thin profits, primarily because of the endearing growth story. They then look for even greater fools to take it off their hands — at a profit. The same analogy applies to Tesla, especially now that the company’s losses are widening. In equal measure, investors like Buffett have pointed out that cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin are not value-producing assets. Thus, they are nothing more than a bubble waiting to burst. After all, cryptocurrencies cannot generate any earnings or even pay any dividends. Even one of their greatest redeeming features — extremely difficult-to-hack blockchain algorithms — might come under attack once quantum computers eventually become powerful enough. But that’s not where the similarities between TSLA and Bitcoin end. If you are a Tesla investor wishing that TSLA stock had Bitcoin-esque resilience, then you need to stop wishing. TSLA stock actually has a longer track record of coming back from the dumps than Bitcoin. I believe that it’s not going to be any different with Model 3. Admittedly, TSLA stock has a checkered history with its seemingly unreachable deadlines. The stock has sold-off heavily every time it has missed a major milestone. It happened with the belated Model S launch in 2012; the ModelX  in 2015, and now the Model 3. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tesla-vs-bitcoin-which-is-the-greater-fools-investment/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://www.livetradingnews.com/tesla-nasdaqtsla-serious-build-quality-exposed-61083.html

Tesla’s (NASDAQ:TSLA) Serious Build Quality Exposed $TSLA There are lots of reason why I do not like Tesla, the company and its founder, hypemeister Elon Musk, but a lot of people applaud Musk and the EV he is attempting to build with major US taxpayer subsidies in a world of cheap gasoline. Notably, the company spearheaded the EV revolution while reshaping the idea of what the modern driving experience might be like. Also, Tesla cars feature an suite of advanced sensors and futuristic technologies that no one really needs. And the car performance is strong if that is what you are after, some versions are faster that some Ferraris off of the line, but Tesla is not a Ferrari, and its build quality leaves much to be desired for a “luxury” car. Admittedly, Tesla has made  improvements when it comes to its overall build quality, but it  has a long way to  go before it can stand up with more established automakers. Musk cuts corners everywhere to try to make unreasonable delivery projections, he loses Key productions executives left and right. Perhaps the more criticisms of Tesla is that the build quality and fit and finish on Tesla vehicles are not what one would expect for the price, and there is No dealer support. Despite Tesla’s improvements, a pair of new videos highlight that Tesla’s build quality has lots of room for improvement. 1st up, the following video highlights how one Model S owner experienced a seemingly endless string of problems. Over the course of just 10 months, he had to take his Tesla in to get serviced 6 times. Suffice it to say, that’s hardly an encouraging sign. From frustrating and inexplicable rattling sounds to a detached door panel, the list of problems that this one Model S owner experienced is unacceptable even on a used car, let alone on a new luxury sedan. Though the Model S owner concedes that most of the problems he had to deal with were “minor annoyances,” Tesla may not be afforded the same benefit of the doubt once consumers start getting their hands on the Model 3, if they ever do.  2nd, we see what happens to a Tesla’s perforated seats after just 75,000 miles. Some comments on an accompanying Reddit thread include comments from Tesla owners who have experienced similar issues. Tesla no longer uses perforated seats on its vehicular lineup, and it cannot find a manufactures to make its complicated seats, so now it is trying to make them at “home.” Good luck with that, they cannot even make the car right.  Overall, we do not like the Company, the EV or founding Management. Stay tuned.     bearish, build, car, EV, problems, production, quality, Tesla, TSLA  Tesla’s (NASDAQ:TSLA) Serious Build Quality Exposed added by Paul Ebeling on November 9, 2017View all posts by Paul Ebeling → 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/09/delve-into-todays-share-market-tesla-inc-nasdaqtsla/


Helme Dicosta 
24 hours ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA)  Amid the topmost stocks in today’s market is Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA). Tesla, Inc. had a market cap of 49.66B, indicating that it has a good hold on the market value of the shares outstanding. The current market cap of Tesla, Inc. exhibits the basic determinant of asset allocation and risk-return parameters for its stocks. The P/E of Tesla, Inc. is currently valued at *tba allowing its investors to analyze the company’s stock valuation and its shares relative to the income of the company that it makes. With the constructive P/E value of Tesla, Inc., the investors are able to forecast the positive earnings growth of the company. The forward P/E of Tesla, Inc. is at *tba signifying the uses of estimated net earnings over the next 12 months. Investors will be getting a good grip in comparing the current earnings of the company to estimated future earnings. With its low price-to-sales ratio of 4.62, the company is evidently a better investment since the investors are paying a lower amount for each unit of sales. However, the company sales do not necessarily expose the entire picture, as it might be unprofitable with a low P/S ratio. The price-to-book ratio of 9.85 for Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) implies that investors are highly hopeful for the organization to create more value from the given set of assets. The market value of the firm’s assets are considerably higher in contrast to their accounting value. The current P/B amount of Tesla, Inc. best indicates the value approach in differentiating good from the bad. The ratio also provides a clue to how much investors are paying for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately. The target payout ratio for Tesla, Inc. is currently measuring at *tba, outlining what size the company’s dividends should be. It also demonstrates a stable dividend policy for Tesla, Inc. connected to the long-run, with viable earnings. The EPS for Tesla, Inc. is valued at -8.56 with an EPS growth this year at 32.50%. The company’s EPS growth for the following year is valued at 69.60%, indicating an EPS value of -13.10% for the past 5 years, and an EPS value of 35.00% for the coming five years. Tesla, Inc.’s sales for the past 5 years rolls at 102.80%, exhibiting an EPS growth from quarter-to-quarter at 2.80%. The sales growth of the company is 119.70% at the moment, indicating the average sales volume of the company’s products and services that have typically improved year-to-year. Company’s existing stock price is at $304.39 with a change in price of -0.54%. As of now, the target price for the company is measuring at $323.48. Tesla, Inc.’s ROA is rolling at -3.30%, following the ROI of -5.80%. Quick and current ratio is valued at 0.6 and 1 respectively. Tags (NASDAQ:TSLA) Auto Manufacturers - Major Inc. NASDAQ Tesla TSLA 2 mins ago 2 mins ago 2 mins ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

http://www.livetradingnews.com/tesla-nasdaqtsla-serious-build-quality-exposed-61083.html

Tesla’s (NASDAQ:TSLA) Serious Build Quality Exposed $TSLA There are lots of reason why I do not like Tesla, the company and its founder, hypemeister Elon Musk, but a lot of people applaud Musk and the EV he is attempting to build with major US taxpayer subsidies in a world of cheap gasoline. Notably, the company spearheaded the EV revolution while reshaping the idea of what the modern driving experience might be like. Also, Tesla cars feature an suite of advanced sensors and futuristic technologies that no one really needs. And the car performance is strong if that is what you are after, some versions are faster that some Ferraris off of the line, but Tesla is not a Ferrari, and its build quality leaves much to be desired for a “luxury” car. Admittedly, Tesla has made  improvements when it comes to its overall build quality, but it  has a long way to  go before it can stand up with more established automakers. Musk cuts corners everywhere to try to make unreasonable delivery projections, he loses Key productions executives left and right. Perhaps the more criticisms of Tesla is that the build quality and fit and finish on Tesla vehicles are not what one would expect for the price, and there is No dealer support. Despite Tesla’s improvements, a pair of new videos highlight that Tesla’s build quality has lots of room for improvement. 1st up, the following video highlights how one Model S owner experienced a seemingly endless string of problems. Over the course of just 10 months, he had to take his Tesla in to get serviced 6 times. Suffice it to say, that’s hardly an encouraging sign. From frustrating and inexplicable rattling sounds to a detached door panel, the list of problems that this one Model S owner experienced is unacceptable even on a used car, let alone on a new luxury sedan. Though the Model S owner concedes that most of the problems he had to deal with were “minor annoyances,” Tesla may not be afforded the same benefit of the doubt once consumers start getting their hands on the Model 3, if they ever do.  2nd, we see what happens to a Tesla’s perforated seats after just 75,000 miles. Some comments on an accompanying Reddit thread include comments from Tesla owners who have experienced similar issues. Tesla no longer uses perforated seats on its vehicular lineup, and it cannot find a manufactures to make its complicated seats, so now it is trying to make them at “home.” Good luck with that, they cannot even make the car right.  Overall, we do not like the Company, the EV or founding Management. Stay tuned.     bearish, build, car, EV, problems, production, quality, Tesla, TSLA  Tesla’s (NASDAQ:TSLA) Serious Build Quality Exposed added by Paul Ebeling on November 9, 2017View all posts by Paul Ebeling → 

https://qz.com/1117933/elon-musks-timeline-stays-true-to-form-as-tesla-tsla-posts-its-largest-quarterly-loss/

Tesla’s earnings numbers were not welcome news for investors. Today, the company said it delivered 26,137 cars during the third quarter, but only 222 of those were Model 3s. That’s far below the 1,500 Tesla was hoping to have delivered by this time. Overall, the company posted a loss of $619 million on sales of $2.98 billion. Tesla shares dropped by as much as 5.4% on the news in after-hours trading, before recovering slightly. Overall, the company’s stock is up by about 50% for the year. Tesla CEO Elon Musk had warned there would be bumps in the road as Tesla entered “production hell” for the Model 3, and in August warned of “production bottlenecks.” In a Nov. 1 letter to investors (pdf), Tesla clarified that the primary production constraint is the battery module assembly line in its Gigafactory 1 outside Reno, Nevada. Tesla said it was redesigning two parts of the battery assembly process, “key elements of which were done by manufacturing systems suppliers,” to streamline its automated manufacturing process. Musk says he’s camping out at the factory until the problems are resolved. In describing the struggle to get manufacturing back on track, he made an allusion to the nine circles of hell in Dante Alighieri’s Inferno. “We were in level nine, and we’re now in level eight and close to exiting level eight,” said Musk, “I thought we’d be more like level seven. I was really depressed three or four weeks ago.” Musk said that Tesla’s reliance on a small number of robotic stations to automate construction of the vehicle, rather than human workers, means that any problems on the line can slow assembly dramatically. The company’s fortunes are riding on the Model 3, which has a base price of $35,00. Tesla is betting its first mass-market car will elevate it to become the first automaker to join America’s famous “Big 3” in more than 50 years. Tesla has already surpassed all of them in market value at one time (GM put Tesla back in second place earlier this year), but the electric carmaker has yet to prove its staying power.  So far, it’s been a rough ride. Musk must coordinate a sprawling supply and production chain, including two factories where cars are assembled in Fremont and the Gigafactory where Model 3 battery packs and drive units are made. Tesla notes that its manufacturing process is more automated than most carmakers, and therefore takes longer to establish. The company said it plans to make 5,000 Model 3 vehicles per week by about March 2018 (a quarter later than initially predicted) and then 10,000 units per week sometime after that. The company has about $3.5 billion in cash entering the fourth quarter to make it happen. 

https://electrek.co/2017/11/01/tesla-tsla-q3-2017-earnings/

November 1 

Fred Lambert

 
							- Nov. 1st 2017 4:20 pm ET
								
@FredericLambert
 @FredericLambert After market close today, Tesla released its financial results and shareholders letter for the third quarter 2017. Wall Street was expecting record revenue of about $2.9 billion for the quarter and a loss of about $2.45 per share due to large capital expenditure caused by the slow start of Model 3 production. The company released the official results today delivering on revenue of ~$2.9 billion and missed on earnings with a loss of $3.70 per share (GAAP).

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Here we will be posting our follow-up posts about the earnings to expand on the most important points (refresh the page to see the most recent posts): The shareholder letter has been embedded in full below. Tesla’s stock price was down 4% in aftermarket trading following the release of the results. The results compare to revenue of ~$2.8 billion and a loss of $2.04 per share (GAAP) during the previous quarter. Tesla slightly updated its record delivery results for Model S and Model X: “In Q3, we delivered 25,915 Model S and Model X vehicles and 222 Model 3 vehicles, for a total of 26,137 deliveries. Combined Model S and Model X deliveries in Q3 grew 18% globally compared to Q2 and 4.5% versus the same quarter one year ago. Consequently, both Model S and Model X gained further market share in the US luxury vehicle market. In addition, our used vehicle sales more than doubled from the prior quarter.” The company’s gross margin took a big hit: 18.3% down from 27.9% quarter-over-quarter. It is attributed to Model 3 production being extremely costly right now with little deliveries. Investors will be happy to know that Tesla is not planning another capital raise despite its wider losses: “Between cash on hand, future cash flows and available lines of credit, we believe that we are well capitalized to accommodate the revised ramp of Model 3 production to 5,000 per week. Upon achieving this production level, we expect to generate significant cash flows from operating activities.” Here’s the shareholder letter in full: 
View this document on Scribd Tesla is a transportation and energy company. It sells vehicles under its 'Tesla Motors' division and stationary battery pack for home, commercial and utility-scale projects under its 'Tesla Energy' division.  
@FredericLambert
 Fred is the Editor in Chief and Main Writer at Electrek. You can send tips on Twitter (DMs open) or via email: fred@9to5mac.com Tesla Model 3 production reached ~440 units last month First look at Tesla's new kind of Supercharger A look at the company Tesla just bought More Tesla Model 3 reviews are coming out 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/tesla-tsla-3rd-quarter-earnings-what-to-expect-cm869233

Tesla earnings (Shutterstock photo) Tesla (TSLA), which has ambitions of being more mainstream, will report third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings results after Wednesday's closing bell. But investors would feel much better if the luxury electric vehicle company had ambitions of being more profitable. Tesla shares have taken a massive beating over the past couple of weeks, falling as much as 18% from its all-time high of $386.99 reached in June to a recent low of $316.66 — the stock’s lowest level since early August. A combination of factors has impacted TSLA stock. But the biggest concern rests with Tesla’s money-making capabilities, particularly as it relates its highly-anticipated Model 3 sedan — the company’s first attempt at producing a mass market electric vehicle. Tesla reportedly spends some $80,000 to build each Model 3, which will retail for $35,000 — or about half the price of Tesla's next-cheapest car, the Model S. The company believes the lower price point would enable it to emerge from a niche market to better compete with Detroit heavyweights General Motors (GM) and Ford (F). On Wednesday the Street will want to get a sense of not only how realistic Tesla’s Model 3 delivery goals are, but also how much cash it will take to meet those goals. Earlier this month the company spooked investors when announcing that its third-quarter Model 3 delivery totals would be 220 vehicles. Though that marked a 4.5% increase year over year, it’s below the 1,260 vehicles analysts expected and well below the company’s year-end production targets of 20,000 Model 3s a month by December. On Friday analysts at Evercore downgraded TSLA stock from Buy to Neutral, advising their clients to be “more cautious” on Model 3 production. The Model 3 is “the most important piece of the Tesla investment story in coming quarters,” Evercore warned. In terms of overcoming production hiccups, which CEO Elon Musk recently described at “manufacturing hell,” Evercore noted, “We suspect that Tesla won’t have 100% visibility on the ramp until they hit more than 1,000 Model 3 units per week.” As such, the firm reduced its price target on TSLA stock to $312, from $330, implying a 3% downside to Friday’s closing price of $320.87. In the three months that ended September, Wall Street expects the Palo Alto, Calif.-based company to post a per-share loss of $2.29 on revenue of $2.94 billion. This compares to the year-ago quarter when the company lost 71 cents per share on $2.3 billion in revenue. For the full year, ending in December, the loss is expected to be $6.67 per share, compared to a loss of $2.87 a year ago, while full-year revenue of $11.84 billion would rise 69.2% year over year. All told, with the 1,000 Model 3 units per week benchmark expected to be reached toward the end of November, Tesla has a lot to prove Wednesday if it wants to keep its shares from driving in reverse. From my vantage point, however, these shares, which I now own, are not as risky as they were three months ago. I’ve said this before, Tesla’s main problem — if you can call it that — is that the company must overcome too much demand for its products. And that’s a business I want a piece of. At the time of publication, the author was long Tesla shares. 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

