https://seekingalpha.com/news/3314901-ge-downgraded-notch-fitch-negative-outlook

Fitch Ratings downgrades General Electric (NYSE:GE) and its GE Capital finance arm to A+ from AA- and their short-term issuer default ratings to F1 from F1+, with a negative outlook. Fitch cites "the deterioration in the company's operating and financial performance including a slower return to higher margins and stronger free cash flow than previously anticipated by Fitch. GE's performance is being affected  by secular changes in the Power segment's gas turbine business that has reduced long term prospects for growth." Earlier this month, Moody’s downgraded GE to A2 from A1 due to “severe deterioration” in the financial performance of the company’s power segment expected to last through at least 2019. Now read: General Electric: Is It Time To Buy? » 

http://247wallst.com/industrials/2017/11/28/ge-takes-another-credit-rating-downgrade/


By Jon C. Ogg November 28, 2017 3:14 pm EST

 The economy is still improving in 2017 and the bull market is now closer to nine years old than eight. One major company that has not recovered its lost ground from pre-recession to post-recession is General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE). The ongoing woes of GE are more than well known, but now GE can add another credit rating downgrade from one of the major credit ratings agencies to its list of troubles. Fitch Ratings has downgraded the long-term and short-term issuer default ratings for the parent General Electric Company and for GE Capital Global Holdings LLC. Those ratings were cut to A+ and F1 from AA- and F1+, respectively. Unfortunately, Fitch also said that GE’s Rating Outlook is Negative. That means that more downgrade risks remain unless GE makes some serious improvements. Fitch’s downgrade is said to consider the deterioration in its operating and financial performance. That included a slower return to higher margins and stronger free cash flow than previously anticipated. Fitch also warns that the conglomerate’s industrial operations are becoming less diversified. its report said: GE’s performance is being affected by secular changes in the Power segment’s gas turbine business that has reduced long term prospects for growth. Fitch believes the company will maintain a strong balance sheet and a high level of financial flexibility which considers a smaller albeit sizeable GE Capital, but more in line with the new rating. GE is becoming less diversified as it realigns its businesses, but overall diversification remains meaningful. And on the outlook remaining negative, Fitch is concerned about the pace of returns to stronger free cash flow, the restructuring needed to cut the cost structure and increase margins in the Power, Renewable Energy and Oil & Gas segments. Risks are seen in structural changes at the Power segment — including industry overcapacity, the growing role of energy efficiency, and a shift toward renewable energy. While GE has identified several actions to improve its operating performance, Fitch is worried that the actual implementation could occur over an extended period and that there are numerous execution risks. One risk is that GE’s cash flow available to the industrial business will be reduced through at least 2018 due to a suspension of dividends from GE Capital. The report does outline how GE could return to a Stable outlook. This would be where GE’s plans to realign its business portfolio and rebuild profitability are executed and by achieving a lower cost structure in the Power business within the next year or two. Reducing leverage, reducing net investment in contract assets, and maintaining competitive positions in GE’s industrial markets were also cited. Before thinking the news is dire here, Fitch did note that GE has a very low level of actual enterprise risk. its report said: Fitch still views GE’s overall enterprise risk as relatively low, reflecting its global presence, broad product portfolio, strong market positions, and substantial services revenue which generates solid margins and typically is less cyclical than GE’s equipment revenue. GE’s large scale and access to capital markets provide considerable financial flexibility to execute its operating strategies. Shares of General Electric were last seen trading up 1.4% at $18.37 on Thursday. Its 52-week range is $17.46 to $32.38 and the consensus analyst price target from Thomson Reuters was last seen down at $23.00. GE’s consensus price target history has been dismal in 2017 — at $25.93 one month ago, $28.50 two months ago, and $29.31 three months ago. By Jon C. Ogg 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/27/how-does-general-electric-company-ge-stack-up-right-now-6/

General Electric Company (GE) is an interesting player in the Industrial Goods space, with a focus on Diversified Machinery. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $18.19, up from yesterday’s close by 0.22%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis Money managers are always interested in a company that can find the right recipe of fundamental data because it reflects something important going on underneath the surface. General Electric Company (GE) currently trades with a market capitalization of $157.62 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 14.38 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For GE, the company currently has $39.85 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $28.13 Billion current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $-2.01 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to fall in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.31 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 61.16% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis No analysis is ever complete without a thorough survey of a stock’s technical behavior. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, General Electric Company recorded a 52-week high of $32.38. It is now trading 14.19% off that level. The stock is trading $21.97 its 50-day moving average by 3.78%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $17.46. In recent action, General Electric Company (GE) has made a move of -14.68% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 17.96, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 1.17% with $8.66 Billion sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of GE. 

https://www.nystocknews.com/2017/11/28/general-electric-company-nysege-analyzing-financial-health-2/

                Publicly-traded company General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) had a closing price of $18.12 yesterday. Meanwhile, the average 12-month price target from Wall Street analysts is currently $23.00, this means that the stock is underpriced by 21.217%.   In the past 52 weeks the company’s stock price has moved within the range of $17.46 to $32.38.   This particular stock’s 5-day moving average is 18.05, its 20-day moving average is 19.18 and its 100-day moving average is 23.55. General Electric Company (GE) currently has 8.67 million shares outstanding, which means that its market capitalization is $157.01B. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   
The Details: General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Financial Health There are a number of indicators we can consider when wondering about a potential stock’s financial health. Looking at a company’s profit margin, for example, tells us how much of its sales revenue it keeps in earnings – and it is calculated by taking net income and dividing it by net sales. GE currently has a profit margin of 5.70%.   Checking out a company’s operating margin is also useful, as it tells us how much profit is retained after considering operating costs and depreciation. General Electric Company (GE) has an operating margin of 6.80%.   
What Does Wall Street Say about Company? When choosing stocks, many investors search for what Wall Street professionals think about the company first – like what the average rating is. At the moment, the average analyst rating for GE is Hold. Out of 13 total analysts who were surveyed, 1 rated it a Moderate Buy, 3 rated it a Strong Sell, 4 rated it hold, and 5 rated it a Strong Buy.   Three months ago, on the other hand, the average analyst rating for General Electric Company (GE) was a Hold – from a survey of 11 analysts. Of the analysts who provided ratings, 4 rated the company a Hold, 2 rated it a Strong Sell, 1 rated it a Moderate Buy, and 4 rated it a Strong Buy.   
Understanding Profitability at General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Taking a look at a public company’s Earnings per Share (EPS) is a good way of evaluating its profitability. In the most recent financial results released by General Electric Company, for the quarter ending on 2017-09-30, the company posted EPS of 0.29. The average estimate of Wall Street analysts had projected 0.49.   Wall Street analysts, on average, are forecasting the company’s EPS to be 0.31, compared to 0.46 reported in the same quarter last year. When it comes to net revenue, the average estimate from a total of 10 analysts is 34.04 billion – compared to $33.09 billion posted in the year-ago period.     



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/28/canada-pension-plan-investment-board-has-36-25-million-position-in-general-electric-company-ge.html


					Posted by Sebastian Weber on Nov 28th, 2017 // No Comments  Canada Pension Plan Investment Board lessened its holdings in shares of  General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) by 15.7% during the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 1,341,943 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after selling 250,007 shares during the period. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board’s holdings in General Electric were worth $36,246,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.  Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Warren Averett Asset Management LLC lifted its stake in  General Electric by 7.0% in the 2nd quarter. Warren Averett Asset Management LLC now owns 103,854 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $2,805,000 after acquiring an additional 6,799 shares in the last quarter.  Sabal Trust CO lifted its stake in  General Electric by 5.4% in the 2nd quarter. Sabal Trust CO now owns 1,080,995 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $29,198,000 after acquiring an additional 55,049 shares in the last quarter.  Rockland Trust Co. lifted its stake in  General Electric by 8.6% in the 2nd quarter. Rockland Trust Co. now owns 205,544 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $5,552,000 after acquiring an additional 16,309 shares in the last quarter.  Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE lifted its stake in  General Electric by 47.2% in the 2nd quarter. Smithbridge Asset Management Inc. DE now owns 31,268 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $845,000 after acquiring an additional 10,025 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Rothschild Investment Corp IL lifted its stake in  General Electric by 2.4% in the 2nd quarter. Rothschild Investment Corp IL now owns 465,351 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $12,569,000 after acquiring an additional 10,906 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  54.75% of the company’s stock.  Shares of General Electric Company (GE) traded down $0.07 during trading on Monday, hitting $18.12. The stock had a trading volume of 78,836,562 shares, compared to its average volume of 44,568,359. General Electric Company has a one year low of $17.46 and a one year high of $32.38. The company has a market cap of $159,300.00, a PE ratio of 14.67, a P/E/G ratio of 1.98 and a beta of 1.11. The company has a current ratio of 1.86, a quick ratio of 1.53 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.14.  General Electric (NYSE:GE) last posted its earnings results on Friday, October 20th. The conglomerate reported $0.29 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by ($0.20). The business had revenue of $33.47 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $32.51 billion. General Electric had a return on equity of 13.72% and a net margin of 6.08%. The firm’s revenue was up 11.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.32 earnings per share.  analysts forecast that  General Electric Company will post 1.07 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  In other General Electric news, Director Francisco Dsouza bought 55,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 20th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $17.94 per share, with a total value of $986,700.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Chairman John Leonard Flannery acquired 60,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 15th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $18.27 per share, for a total transaction of $1,096,200.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the chairman now owns 575,477 shares in the company, valued at $10,513,964.79. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have purchased a total of 120,500 shares of company stock worth $2,183,220 over the last three months. 0.36% of the stock is owned by insiders.  Several equities research analysts have commented on the company. J P Morgan Chase & Co  set a $22.00 target price on General Electric and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, September 19th. Citigroup Inc.  set a $28.00 target price on General Electric and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, October 23rd. UBS AG cut General Electric from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their target price for the company from $31.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Monday, October 23rd. Royal Bank Of Canada cut General Electric from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and cut their target price for the company from $25.00 to $20.00 in a research note on Tuesday, November 14th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG cut their target price on General Electric from $18.00 to $15.00 and set a “sell” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, November 21st. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued  a hold rating, nine have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $24.49. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Decreases Holdings in General Electric Company (GE)” was  posted by The Ledger Gazette and is the property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/28/canada-pension-plan-investment-board-has-36-25-million-position-in-general-electric-company-ge.html.  General Electric Company Profile    Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.investopedia.com/news/nvidia-and-ge-bring-ai-hospitals/

GE Healthcare, a subsidiary of General Electric Co. (GE), is set to use Nvidia Corp.’s (NVDA) chips in an artificial intelligence (AI) platform to improve the speed and accuracy of CT and ultrasound scans. In a joint statement on Monday, the two companies revealed plans to strengthen their already 10-year long partnership by installing Nvidia's chips in GE Healthcare's Revolution Frontier CT platform and 500,000 imaging devices across the globe. Using Nvidia’s chips, the AI-equipped devices are said to be two times faster than the previous generation image processor and capable of delivering lower radiation doses, faster exam times and higher quality medical imaging. GE Healthcare, one of conglomerate GE’s most profitable areas of business, said the speedier Revolution Frontier technology should help to reduce the number of follow-up appointments and non-interpretable scans as it is better equipped to detect liver and kidney lesions. (See also: GE Cuts Its Dividend By 50% to $0.12.) Under the terms of the deal, GE Healthcare will also use Nvidia’s graphics processing units, CUDA computing platform and cloud registry to power its new analytics platform. The company said that an average hospital generates 50 petabytes of data annually, but that only 3 percent of that data is analyzed, tagged, or made actionable. "Healthcare is changing at remarkable speed, and the technologies that will transform the industry should reflect that pace," said Kieran Murphy, president and CEO of GE Healthcare. "By partnering with Nvidia, GE Healthcare will be able to deliver devices of the future — intelligent machines capable of empowering providers to improve the speed and accuracy of diagnoses for patients around the world." Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of Nvidia, added: “Our partnership with GE Healthcare brings together great expertise in medical instruments and AI to create a new generation of intelligent instruments that can dramatically improve patient care.” (See also: AI Is NVIDIA's to Lose, Says Jefferies, Upping PT.) GE Healthcare’s use of Nvidia’s chips represents another big coup for the Santa Clara, California-based company. Nvidia’s AI technology has already been introduced across a number of fields, including self-driving cars, robotics and video analytics. These breakthroughs have led the company’s stock to soar over the past year. (See also: Why NVIDIA's Valuation May Be A Giant Bubble.) 

http://www.zdnet.com/article/ge-healthcare-turns-to-nvidia-for-ai-boost-in-medical-imaging/

Innovation Victorian auditor finds government has insufficient disaster recovery processes 

https://www.investopedia.com/news/nvidia-and-ge-bring-ai-hospitals/

GE Healthcare, a subsidiary of General Electric Co. (GE), is set to use Nvidia Corp.’s (NVDA) chips in an artificial intelligence (AI) platform to improve the speed and accuracy of CT and ultrasound scans. In a joint statement on Monday, the two companies revealed plans to strengthen their already 10-year long partnership by installing Nvidia's chips in GE Healthcare's Revolution Frontier CT platform and 500,000 imaging devices across the globe. Using Nvidia’s chips, the AI-equipped devices are said to be two times faster than the previous generation image processor and capable of delivering lower radiation doses, faster exam times and higher quality medical imaging. GE Healthcare, one of conglomerate GE’s most profitable areas of business, said the speedier Revolution Frontier technology should help to reduce the number of follow-up appointments and non-interpretable scans as it is better equipped to detect liver and kidney lesions. (See also: GE Cuts Its Dividend By 50% to $0.12.) Under the terms of the deal, GE Healthcare will also use Nvidia’s graphics processing units, CUDA computing platform and cloud registry to power its new analytics platform. The company said that an average hospital generates 50 petabytes of data annually, but that only 3 percent of that data is analyzed, tagged, or made actionable. "Healthcare is changing at remarkable speed, and the technologies that will transform the industry should reflect that pace," said Kieran Murphy, president and CEO of GE Healthcare. "By partnering with Nvidia, GE Healthcare will be able to deliver devices of the future — intelligent machines capable of empowering providers to improve the speed and accuracy of diagnoses for patients around the world." Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of Nvidia, added: “Our partnership with GE Healthcare brings together great expertise in medical instruments and AI to create a new generation of intelligent instruments that can dramatically improve patient care.” (See also: AI Is NVIDIA's to Lose, Says Jefferies, Upping PT.) GE Healthcare’s use of Nvidia’s chips represents another big coup for the Santa Clara, California-based company. Nvidia’s AI technology has already been introduced across a number of fields, including self-driving cars, robotics and video analytics. These breakthroughs have led the company’s stock to soar over the past year. (See also: Why NVIDIA's Valuation May Be A Giant Bubble.) 

