https://finance.yahoo.com/news/allergan-agn-report-q3-earnings-161604945.html

Allergan plc AGN will report third-quarter 2017 earnings on Nov 1, before the market opens. Last quarter, the company delivered a positive earnings surprise of 1.77%.Allergan’s share price has declined 14.1% this year so far, outperforming the 27.6% decline witnessed by the industry.Allergan’s earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%.Let’s see how things are shaping up for this announcement.Factors to ConsiderAt the Q2 call, Allergan had said that third-quarter revenues are expected to be at similar levels to the second quarter. Second-quarter revenues rose 8.8% year over year. Third quarter revenues are likely to be driven by new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi, international growth and growth from key established products like Botox and Linzess.However, Namenda IR is facing generic competition, which will continue to hurt sales of the drug. Meanwhile, Namenda XR sales also declined in the previous quarters due to lower demand and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept. The company does not expect a generic version of Namenda XR to be launched until first quarter of 2018.Investors will be interested to find out how Namzaric performed in the quarter. Last quarter, Allergan saw improved sales of Namzaric due to continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages. The positive trend is expected to continue.Meanwhile, the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (Jan 2017) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (Apr 2017) acquisitions are likely to support the top line in the quarter.However, loss of exclusivity of Asacol HD and Minastrin may remain an overhang on the top line.Higher promotional expenses for key products, increased costs to support an advancing pipeline and the addition of lower margin LifeCell and ZELTIQ acquisitions can put pressure on Allergan’s margins. In fact, at the Q2 call, Allergan mentioned that SG&A and R&D expenses will be higher in the third quarter compared with the fourth quarter. Higher promotional activities, given the timing of new launches and continued strong promotion for key brands, are expected to lead to higher sales and marketing costs in the third quarter.Investors will also be keen to know management’s plans to protect Restasis, its second best-selling drug, from generic competition. Earlier this month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering Restasis, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire on Aug 27, 2024.Allergan also came under fire recently for its agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company to protect Restasis from generic competition. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drugmakers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs.Investors will also be interested to know the impact of new competition on Allergan’s key products – Restasis and Linzess. Shire’s SHPG dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy’s Trulance (plecanatide) was launched in the second quarter for CIC, which could pose competition to Linzess.Earnings WhispersOur proven model does not conclusively show that Allergan is likely to beat on earnings this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here, as you will see below.Zacks ESP: The Most Accurate estimate stands at $4.03, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged higher at $4.06. This results in an Earnings ESP of -0.69%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.Zacks Rank: Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4. We caution against Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions.Stocks to ConsiderSome stocks in the biotech/pharma sector that have a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank are:Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR, scheduled to release results on Oct 31, has an Earnings ESP of + 5.53% and a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Clovis Oncology, Inc. CLVS, scheduled to release results on Nov 1, has an Earnings ESP of +2.01% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside?Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.     Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.  See the pot trades we're targeting>>Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Allergan PLC. (AGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (ACOR) : Free Stock Analysis Report Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS) : Free Stock Analysis Report Shire PLC (SHPG) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/allergan-agn-report-q3-earnings-161604945.html

Allergan plc AGN will report third-quarter 2017 earnings on Nov 1, before the market opens. Last quarter, the company delivered a positive earnings surprise of 1.77%.Allergan’s share price has declined 14.1% this year so far, outperforming the 27.6% decline witnessed by the industry.Allergan’s earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%.Let’s see how things are shaping up for this announcement.Factors to ConsiderAt the Q2 call, Allergan had said that third-quarter revenues are expected to be at similar levels to the second quarter. Second-quarter revenues rose 8.8% year over year. Third quarter revenues are likely to be driven by new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi, international growth and growth from key established products like Botox and Linzess.However, Namenda IR is facing generic competition, which will continue to hurt sales of the drug. Meanwhile, Namenda XR sales also declined in the previous quarters due to lower demand and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept. The company does not expect a generic version of Namenda XR to be launched until first quarter of 2018.Investors will be interested to find out how Namzaric performed in the quarter. Last quarter, Allergan saw improved sales of Namzaric due to continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages. The positive trend is expected to continue.Meanwhile, the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (Jan 2017) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (Apr 2017) acquisitions are likely to support the top line in the quarter.However, loss of exclusivity of Asacol HD and Minastrin may remain an overhang on the top line.Higher promotional expenses for key products, increased costs to support an advancing pipeline and the addition of lower margin LifeCell and ZELTIQ acquisitions can put pressure on Allergan’s margins. In fact, at the Q2 call, Allergan mentioned that SG&A and R&D expenses will be higher in the third quarter compared with the fourth quarter. Higher promotional activities, given the timing of new launches and continued strong promotion for key brands, are expected to lead to higher sales and marketing costs in the third quarter.Investors will also be keen to know management’s plans to protect Restasis, its second best-selling drug, from generic competition. Earlier this month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering Restasis, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire on Aug 27, 2024.Allergan also came under fire recently for its agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company to protect Restasis from generic competition. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drugmakers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs.Investors will also be interested to know the impact of new competition on Allergan’s key products – Restasis and Linzess. Shire’s SHPG dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy’s Trulance (plecanatide) was launched in the second quarter for CIC, which could pose competition to Linzess.Earnings WhispersOur proven model does not conclusively show that Allergan is likely to beat on earnings this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here, as you will see below.Zacks ESP: The Most Accurate estimate stands at $4.03, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged higher at $4.06. This results in an Earnings ESP of -0.69%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.Zacks Rank: Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4. We caution against Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions.Stocks to ConsiderSome stocks in the biotech/pharma sector that have a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank are:Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR, scheduled to release results on Oct 31, has an Earnings ESP of + 5.53% and a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Clovis Oncology, Inc. CLVS, scheduled to release results on Nov 1, has an Earnings ESP of +2.01% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside?Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.     Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.  See the pot trades we're targeting>>Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Allergan PLC. (AGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (ACOR) : Free Stock Analysis Report Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS) : Free Stock Analysis Report Shire PLC (SHPG) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/agn-december-8th-options-begin-trading-cm866236

Investors in Allergan PLC (Symbol: AGN) saw new options begin trading today, for the December 8th expiration. At Stock Options Channel  , our YieldBoost formula has looked up and down the AGN options chain for the new December 8th contracts and identified one put and one call contract of particular interest.    The put contract at the $175.00 strike price has a current bid of $4.40. If an investor was to sell-to-open that put contract, they are committing to purchase the stock at $175.00, but will also collect the premium, putting the cost basis of the shares at $170.60 (before broker commissions). To an investor already interested in purchasing shares of AGN, that could represent an attractive alternative to paying $177.76/share today. Because the $175.00 strike represents an approximate 2% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 58%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.51% return on the cash commitment, or 21.32% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .  makeArticleAd();  Below is a chart showing the trailing twelve month trading history for Allergan PLC, and highlighting in green where the $175.00 strike is located relative to that history:       Turning to the calls side of the option chain, the call contract at the $180.00 strike price has a current bid of $3.85. If an investor was to purchase shares of AGN stock at the current price level of $177.76/share, and then sell-to-open that call contract as a "covered call," they are committing to sell the stock at $180.00. Considering the call seller will also collect the premium, that would drive a total return (excluding dividends, if any) of 3.43% if the stock gets called away at the December 8th expiration (before broker commissions). Of course, a lot of upside could potentially be left on the table if AGN shares really soar, which is why looking at the trailing twelve month trading history for Allergan PLC, as well as studying the business fundamentals becomes important. Below is a chart showing AGN's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $180.00 strike highlighted in red:    Considering the fact that the $180.00 strike represents an approximate 1% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 53%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.17% boost of extra return to the investor, or 18.37% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .    The implied volatility in the put contract example is 31%, while the implied volatility in the call contract example is 28%. Meanwhile, we calculate the actual trailing twelve month volatility (considering the last 253 trading day closing values as well as today's price of $177.76) to be 24%. For more put and call options contract ideas worth looking at, visit StockOptionsChannel.com.   Top YieldBoost Calls of the S&P 500 »   Because the $175.00 strike represents an approximate 2% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 58%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.51% return on the cash commitment, or 21.32% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .    Considering the fact that the $180.00 strike represents an approximate 1% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 53%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.17% boost of extra return to the investor, or 18.37% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .   Top YieldBoost Calls of the S&P 500 » 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.




https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/10/27/allergan-plc-agn-is-driving-on-undecided-technical-signals/

Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) fell by -2.22% in Thursday’s trading session from $180.34 to $176.33 and has now fallen 6 consecutive sessions. The price has fallen in 8 of the last 10 days and is down by -13.6% over the same course of time. There was a decrease in both volume and price. This is usually interpreted as a good sign as traders widely believe falling stock should see declining volume. Traded activity experienced a fall of -1.42 million shares and in total 5.72 M shares exchanged hands for about $1 009.32 million.Inside AGN’s Recent TrendAllergan plc (AGN) has broken the wide and falling short-term trend down. At first, a heavy selloff is imminent, but false breaks and sharp decline may occur. However, an additional loss is possible and any progress toward the breaking point ($179.46) will be a new exit point. According to the fan-theory $156.93 is considered to be the new bottom line of the next trend, but it is not the time to say this for sure.Allergan plc Technical Signals
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
AGN has witnessed its long term and short term MA triggering a sell signal. Many traders watch for long-term averages to cross above short-term averages to signal the beginning of a downtrend. Upon corrections, the price will meet resistance from the averages between $184.58 and $206.28. A buy signal will be generated if it crosses above any of these levels. Its pivot point high generated sell signal on Tuesday October 10, 2017, which calls for additional declines until the stock forms a new pivot point low, as this could be a buying opportunity. The downbeat movement of both volume and price during the recent session is interpreted as a good sign because traders usually believe falling stock should see declining volume.Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) Support And Resistance LevelsThere is no support from accumulated volume below today’s level and given the right condition the stock may perform very badly in the next couple of days. In case of gains, the next resistance from accumulated volume will be at $187.15, $189.27 and $198.41.
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Allergan plc (AGN) Risk AssessmentA volatility based measure Bollinger Bands suggests this stock poses high risk. In the most recent session, the stock price hovered around $6.42 between high and low, or 3.68%. The average volatility for the past week stood at 2.79%.Allergan plc (AGN) is in oversold territory based on Relative Strength Index reading (17). In some cases it takes more time for the trend to shift while the stock is being oversold and the Relative Strength Index keeps moving.

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/10/26/why-to-keeping-eye-on-allergan-plc-agn-roka-bioscience-inc-roka/

Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) plunged -1.41% with the closing price of $180.34. The overall volume in the last trading session was 7.15 million shares.Company Growth Evolution:ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at – in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry’s average stands at 5.79 and sector’s optimum level is 11.18.
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Allergan plc (AGN) have shown a high EPS growth of -28.70% in the last 5 years and has earnings rose of 63.30% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.20 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The stock appeared $256.80 above its 52-week highs and is down -3.64% for the last five trades. The stock ended last trade at $180.34 a share and the price is up more than -14.13% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 0.00 vs. an industry average at 0.52. Its sales stood at 26.00% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.Roka Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROKA) ended its day at $1.67 with the rising stream of 54.63% and its total traded volume was 7.15 million shares more than the average volume.Returns and Valuations for Roka Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROKA)Roka Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROKA), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at -, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry’s average. The average of this ratio is 5.79 for the industry and sector’s best figure appears 11.18. Roka Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROKA), at its latest closing price of $1.67, it has a price-to-book ratio of 0.00, compared to an industry average at 0.52. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you’re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.Roka Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROKA), stock is trading $6.75 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -7.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 17.70%. Its share price has decline -30.84% in three months and is down -6.18% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.00.

https://news4j.com/2017/10/25/shares-outperforming-todays-market-allergan-plc-agn/


Adam Costello 
3 days ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
Amid the all-time high stocks in today’s market is Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) that had a market cap of 61.47B. The company’s P/E was valued at *tba as it measures its current share price to its per-share earnings. At present, (NYSE:AGN)’s price is rolling at $182.92. A price change of -2.58% indicates a strong asset performance for the corporation, bearing in mind the total returns from its investment and dividends or distributions obtained from the investment. The financial condition of the company with an ROA of 8.90% indicates how profitable (NYSE:AGN) is relative to its total assets. The current rate provides an idea as to how efficient management is at using its assets to generate earnings. As the return on equity calculates the corporation’s profitability by revealing how much profit the company has generated alongside the money the shareholders have invested, (NYSE:AGN) shows an ROE of (put ROE code – cant find it). (NYSE:AGN)’s ROI is 0.10% signposting a better performance in the evaluation of the efficiency of an investment. By calculating the amount of return, the company’s current ratio – which is the liquidity and efficiency ratio – is measured at 1.2. The operating margin of (NYSE:AGN) is valued at -20.80% and the profit margin measures at 77.30%. The increased OM of (NYSE:AGN) measures the company’s improved pricing strategy and the proportion of its revenue which is left after paying its variable costs of production, e.g. wages, raw materials, etc. The profit margin has increased by 77.30% gauging the financial health of (NYSE:AGN). It also shows the how good the amount of profit for (NYSE:AGN) is relative to its total expenditure. The overall performance of (NYSE:AGN) for the week is at -7.51% with a rise compared to the last week, measuring a monthly rising rate of -13.56%. The weekly volatility have dropped down at 3.59% with a monthly decline of 2.80%, since the beginning of this month. The average volume for (NYSE:AGN) is currently rolling at 2.82B. The EPS growth this year is at 63.30% demonstrating a EPS growth of 4.99% for the following year. This exhibits in determining the most likely future of the stock price of (NYSE:AGN). With this high EPSGR it is predicted that growth rate will rise faster as compared to its competitors in the same industry. As it maintains an improved rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target. Tags (NYSE:AGN) AGN Allergan plc Healthcare NYSE4 hours ago4 hours ago4 hours agoYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  



http://standardoracle.com/2017/10/27/allergan-plc-agn-insider-ownership-and-transactions/

Key StatisticsAllergan plc (AGN) declined -2.22% and closed its last trading session at $176.33. Its opening price on the last trading day was $180.34. The company’s market cap is $59.26 Billion. The company has 336.06 Million shares outstanding and 333.57 Million shares were floated in market. The short ratio in the company’s stock is documented at 2.3 and the short float is around of 2.03%. Allergan plc has been given an analysts’ mean target of 250.72.52-week High/LowThe highest price AGN stock touched in the last 12 month was $256.8 and the lowest price it hit in the same period was $174.66. Stock’s distance from 52 week High is -31.34% and the distance from 52 week Low is -1.13%.Share Volume AnalysisA total of 5.72 Billion shares exchanged at hands and its average trading volume is standing at 2.95 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 1.94.Stock PerformanceAllergan plc (AGN) performance during the last one year degraded -20.57 percent, while its year to date (YTD) performance showed a negative trend of -16.04 percent. The stock fell -27.69 percent over the past six months. The stock’s quarterly performance indicates a negative momentum of -30.31 percent, whereas its last one month trend is pessimistic with -15.35 percent. Its weekly performance showed downward trend of -6.84 percent.Profit Margins AnalysisProfitability analysis helps a great deal in making investment decision. Net profit margin of the company was recorded at 77.3 percent, operating profit margin was -20.8 percent, while gross profit margin stands at 87.1 percent.Key Ratios ReviewLiquidity ratios help investors to determine a company’s ability to pay off its debts. For the most recent quarter, quick ratio was 1.1, current ratio was 1.2, LT Debt/Equity ratio was 0.38 and Total Debt/Equity ratio stands at 0.43, while Payout ratio is 0.05.Return on Assets, Investment and EquityAllergan plc (AGN) has a Return on Assets of 8.9 percent, Return on Investment of 0.1 percent and a Return on Equity of 15.7 percent.Simple Moving AverageMoving averages are used as a strong indicator for technical stock analysis and it helps investors in figuring out where the stock has been and also helps in determining where it may be possibly heading. Now we look at the Moving Averages, the 200-day is -23.61%, the 50-day is -17.13% and the 20-day is -11.67%.EPS Growth AnalysisThe company’s diluted EPS for trailing twelve months was -11.66.EPS Estimate for the next year is 17.01.EPS Estimate for the next Quarter is 4.06.EPS Growth this year is 63.3 percent.Earnings and Sales GrowthEPS growth for the next 5 years is 11.27 percent.Annual EPS growth Past 5 years is -28.7 percent.Annual Sales Growth in the past 5 years was 26 percent.Quarterly Revenue Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 8.8 percent.Quarterly Earnings Growth on year-over-year basis stands at -88 percent.Investment Valuation RatiosThe company P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 0 and Forward P/E ratio is 10.36. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 3.93, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 0.84, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 10.17.Volatility AnalysisIf we look at the Volatility of Allergan plc (AGN), Week Volatility is 2.79%, whereas Month Volatility is at 2.84%.Technical IndicatorsAllergan plc (AGN)’s RSI (Relative strength index) is at 22.56, its ATR (Average True Range) value is 6.09, while its Beta factor was calculated at 1.15.Earnings Released DateThe company last reported its quarterly results on Nov 01 BMO.Analysts RecommendationAllergan plc (AGN) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 2.2.Insider Ownership and TransactionsAllergan plc’s insider ownership stands at 0.2 percent, while its insider transaction is -0.27 percent.Institutional Ownership and TransactionsInstitutional ownership refers to the ownership stake in a company that is held by large financial organizations, pension funds or endowments. Allergan plc’s institutional ownership is 86.1%, while its institutional transactions stand at 0.07%.

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/10/28/allergan-plc-agn-pt-lowered-to-240-00-at-citigroup-inc.html


					Posted by Toi Williams on Oct 28th, 2017 // No Comments Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) had its price objective lowered by Citigroup Inc. from $280.00 to $240.00 in a research report released on Thursday, October 19th. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock.Several other analysts also recently weighed in on AGN. Vetr raised Allergan PLC. from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $242.88 target price for the company in a report on Monday, June 26th. BidaskClub raised Allergan PLC. from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Saturday, June 24th. Zacks Investment Research raised Allergan PLC. from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $270.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Piper Jaffray Companies  reaffirmed a hold rating and set a $231.00 price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  set a $284.00 price objective on Allergan PLC. and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Sunday, July 16th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned  a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $252.39.Allergan PLC. (NYSE AGN) opened at 178.82 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of $59.78 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 5.45 and a beta of 1.15. Allergan PLC. has a one year low of $175.21 and a one year high of $256.80. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $208.20 and a 200-day moving average price of $229.12. Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. The company reported $4.02 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $3.95 by $0.07. Allergan PLC. had a return on equity of 7.37% and a net margin of 79.17%. The business had revenue of $4.01 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.95 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $3.35 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 8.8% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts predict that  Allergan PLC. will post $16.21 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) Price Target Cut to $240.00 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc.” was first  posted by TrueBlueTribune and is owned by of TrueBlueTribune. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/10/28/allergan-plc-agn-pt-lowered-to-240-00-at-citigroup-inc.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Investors of record on Friday, November 17th will be issued a $0.70 dividend. This represents a $2.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.57%. Allergan PLC.’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 9.95%. Allergan PLC. announced that its board has authorized a share repurchase program on Monday, September 25th that permits the company to repurchase $2.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This repurchase authorization permits the company to buy up to 2.8% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase programs are generally an indication that the company’s board of directors believes its stock is undervalued. Several institutional investors and hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Cable Hill Partners LLC grew its holdings in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 255.2% in the 3rd quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 515 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,000 after acquiring an additional 370 shares during the period.  Northern Capital Management LLC grew its holdings in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 19.5% in the 3rd quarter. Northern Capital Management LLC now owns 15,730 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,224,000 after acquiring an additional 2,570 shares during the period.  K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc grew its holdings in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 171.2% in the 3rd quarter. K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc now owns 25,386 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,203,000 after acquiring an additional 16,024 shares during the period.  Traynor Capital Management Inc. grew its holdings in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 17.8% in the 3rd quarter. Traynor Capital Management Inc. now owns 2,578 shares of the company’s stock worth $526,000 after acquiring an additional 389 shares during the period.  Finally, Crossmark Global Holdings Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. in the 3rd quarter worth approximately $4,328,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  82.04% of the company’s stock. About Allergan PLC.Allergan, Inc is a multi-specialty healthcare company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices and over-the-counter (OTC) products. It discovers, develops and commercializes a range of products for the ophthalmic, neurological, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology, breast aesthetics, urological and other specialty markets.Receive News & Ratings for Allergan PLC. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allergan PLC. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.

https://morganleader.com/should-farsighted-investors-pay-attention-to-allergan-plc-nyseagn-altaba-inc-aaba/

Seasoned investors are often on the lookout for a value name with solid upside.  Recently attention has been given to shares of Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) as the stock recently touched $178.82, a 1.48% move from the most recent open.
Sometimes the stock market can be very confusing, even for the most seasoned investors. Even when expectations are met as predicted, the market may decide to move otherwise. This can cause uncertainty and second guessing. Keeping up with historical data as well as short-term and long-term trends may be very helpful. Over the past week, Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) shares have performed -5.02%. Pushing back over the last quarter, shares are -29.13%. Looking at stock performance for the past six months, shares are -27.08%. Since the start of the calendar year, shares have performed -14.85%.
Let’s take a quick look at some possible support and resistence levels for the stock. According to a recent spotcheck, company Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) have been seen trading -24.68% away from the 50- day high. On the opposite end, shares have been trading 2.38% away from the 50-day low price. Taking a wider perspective, shares have been recently trading -30.37% off the 52-week high and 2.38% away from the 52-week low.
Of course, there is no easy answer to solving the tough question of how to best approach the stock market, especially when dealing with a turbulent investing climate. There are many different schools of thought when it comes to trading equities. Investors may have to first asses their appetite for risk in order to form a solid platform on which to construct a legitimate strategy. 
Seasoned investors are often on the lookout for a value name with solid upside.  Recently attention has been given to shares of Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) as the stock recently touched $178.82, a 1.48% move from the most recent open.Sometimes the stock market can be very confusing, even for the most seasoned investors. Even when expectations are met as predicted, the market may decide to move otherwise. This can cause uncertainty and second guessing. Keeping up with historical data as well as short-term and long-term trends may be very helpful. Over the past week, Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) shares have performed -5.02%. Pushing back over the last quarter, shares are -29.13%. Looking at stock performance for the past six months, shares are -27.08%. Since the start of the calendar year, shares have performed -14.85%.Let’s take a quick look at some possible support and resistence levels for the stock. According to a recent spotcheck, company Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) have been seen trading -24.68% away from the 50- day high. On the opposite end, shares have been trading 2.38% away from the 50-day low price. Taking a wider perspective, shares have been recently trading -30.37% off the 52-week high and 2.38% away from the 52-week low.Of course, there is no easy answer to solving the tough question of how to best approach the stock market, especially when dealing with a turbulent investing climate. There are many different schools of thought when it comes to trading equities. Investors may have to first asses their appetite for risk in order to form a solid platform on which to construct a legitimate strategy. 

https://weekherald.com/2017/10/28/royal-bank-of-canada-reaffirms-outperform-rating-for-allergan-plc-agn.html


					Posted by Rex Bailey on Oct 28th, 2017 // No Comments Royal Bank Of Canada restated their outperform rating on shares of Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN)  in a research report report published on Thursday, October 19th, MarketBeat reports. The firm currently has a $250.00 price target on the stock, down from their prior price target of $277.00. The analysts noted that the move was a valuation call.Several other brokerages have also issued reports on AGN. Mizuho  reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $267.00 price target on shares of Allergan PLC. in a report on Wednesday, August 2nd. Wells Fargo & Company lifted their price target on shares of Allergan PLC. to $278.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Thursday, August 3rd. Deutsche Bank AG  reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $273.00 price target (up from $265.00) on shares of Allergan PLC. in a report on Monday, July 17th. BidaskClub raised shares of Allergan PLC. from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Saturday, June 24th. Finally, Vetr raised shares of Allergan PLC. from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $242.88 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, June 26th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $252.39.Allergan PLC. (NYSE AGN) opened at 178.82 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $208.20 and its 200-day moving average is $229.12. The firm has a market capitalization of $59.78 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 5.45 and a beta of 1.15. Allergan PLC. has a 12 month low of $175.21 and a 12 month high of $256.80. Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. The company reported $4.02 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $3.95 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $4.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.95 billion. Allergan PLC. had a net margin of 79.17% and a return on equity of 7.37%. The firm’s revenue was up 8.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $3.35 EPS.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Allergan PLC. will post $16.21 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Allergan PLC. declared that its board has initiated a share buyback plan on Monday, September 25th that authorizes the company to buyback $2.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This buyback authorization authorizes the company to buy up to 2.8% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  buyback plans are often a sign that the company’s leadership believes its shares are undervalued. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Investors of record on Friday, November 17th will be given a dividend of $0.70 per share. This represents a $2.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.57%. Allergan PLC.’s payout ratio is presently 9.95%. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Honeywell International Inc. lifted its position in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 13.6% during the 2nd quarter. Honeywell International Inc. now owns 168,130 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,871,000 after acquiring an additional 20,100 shares during the period.  Israel Discount Bank of New York acquired a new position in shares of  Allergan PLC. during the 1st quarter valued at $988,000.  Palladium Partners LLC lifted its position in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 1.7% during the 2nd quarter. Palladium Partners LLC now owns 31,161 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,575,000 after acquiring an additional 523 shares during the period.  DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale acquired a new position in shares of  Allergan PLC. during the 2nd quarter valued at $41,345,000.  Finally, Aviva PLC lifted its position in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 2.4% during the 2nd quarter. Aviva PLC now owns 287,455 shares of the company’s stock valued at $69,892,000 after acquiring an additional 6,722 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  82.04% of the company’s stock. About Allergan PLC.Allergan, Inc is a multi-specialty healthcare company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices and over-the-counter (OTC) products. It discovers, develops and commercializes a range of products for the ophthalmic, neurological, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology, breast aesthetics, urological and other specialty markets.Receive News & Ratings for Allergan PLC. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allergan PLC. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.

