https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jeff-bezos-regains-title-world-134730646.html

Drew Angerer/Getty Images After Amazon's third-quarter earnings report, Jeff Bezos reclaimed his crown as the richest person in the world.Amazon reported its third-quarter earnings on Friday, and handily beat analysts' estimates for earnings and revenue. The company's shares jumped more than 8% after the report, each share rising by about $79.64 from the previous day's close.Bezos, as CEO of the company, owns about 81 million shares of Amazon stock according to a recent SEC filing. If you do a bit of math to multiply Bezos' 81 million shares by the increase in the company's stock price, you land with an increase of about $6.44 billion in a single day. It's worth noting that the number of shares Bezos owns could have changed since the filing.With an extra $6.44 billion, Bezos passes Bill Gates to be the richest person in the world, according to data from Bloomberg. Bezos is worth about $90.6 billion now.Gates was worth about $88.5 billion as of market open Friday, according to data from Bloomberg. After Microsoft's post-earnings bump, Gates saw his net worth rise by about $423 million.Bezos owns a 17% stake in Amazon, according to the SEC filing, but that isn't his only source of wealth. The e-commerce giant also has a $3 billion stake in Blue Origin, his rocket company, and a $250 million stake in the Washington Post, according to Bloomberg.Bezos' previous stint at the top of the billionaires list came after the company's second-quarter earnings.Markets InsiderNOW WATCH: Tesla's value is surging 'because the vision is so intoxicating'See Also:SEE ALSO: Amazon's stock skyrockets to over $1,040 on strong earnings

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jeff-bezos-regains-title-world-134730646.html

Drew Angerer/Getty Images After Amazon's third-quarter earnings report, Jeff Bezos reclaimed his crown as the richest person in the world.Amazon reported its third-quarter earnings on Friday, and handily beat analysts' estimates for earnings and revenue. The company's shares jumped more than 8% after the report, each share rising by about $79.64 from the previous day's close.Bezos, as CEO of the company, owns about 81 million shares of Amazon stock according to a recent SEC filing. If you do a bit of math to multiply Bezos' 81 million shares by the increase in the company's stock price, you land with an increase of about $6.44 billion in a single day. It's worth noting that the number of shares Bezos owns could have changed since the filing.With an extra $6.44 billion, Bezos passes Bill Gates to be the richest person in the world, according to data from Bloomberg. Bezos is worth about $90.6 billion now.Gates was worth about $88.5 billion as of market open Friday, according to data from Bloomberg. After Microsoft's post-earnings bump, Gates saw his net worth rise by about $423 million.Bezos owns a 17% stake in Amazon, according to the SEC filing, but that isn't his only source of wealth. The e-commerce giant also has a $3 billion stake in Blue Origin, his rocket company, and a $250 million stake in the Washington Post, according to Bloomberg.Bezos' previous stint at the top of the billionaires list came after the company's second-quarter earnings.Markets InsiderNOW WATCH: Tesla's value is surging 'because the vision is so intoxicating'See Also:SEE ALSO: Amazon's stock skyrockets to over $1,040 on strong earnings

https://qz.com/1113129/amazon-amzn-third-quarter-earnings-shares-soar-after-amazon-beats-expectations/

Amazon has never particularly cared about hitting short-term earnings expectations. But when it does, investors go crazy.Shares of Amazon surged 8% in after-hours trading today (Oct. 26) after the company beat third-quarter expectations. Amazon reported $256 million in profit, roughly comparable to net income in the same quarter a year earlier. It generated $43.7 billion in sales, up 34% year over year and comfortably above the $42 billion in revenue that analysts were expecting.The results mean that Amazon’s sales growth has now accelerated for four straight quarters, a good sign for the company as sales growth in its crucial Amazon Web Services unit has stagnated. AWS, Amazon’s cloud services business and a reliable revenue-generator, contributed $4.6 billion in revenue in the most recent quarter, up 42% from the third quarter of 2017. That’s about the same rate that AWS grew at in the second quarter of this year, and slower than any other quarter in recent years.The main event of Amazon’s third quarter was, of course, the $13.7 billion acquisition of Whole Foods that it completed in August. Amazon said Whole Foods contributed $1.3 billion in sales this past quarter, which ended Sept. 30. Whole Foods reported $3.7 billion in sales in its quarter ended July 2, its last one as an independent public company.

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazon-amzn-3rd-quarter-earnings-what-to-expect-cm865743

Amazon earnings (Shutterstock photo)Retail giant Amazon (AMZN) is set to report third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings results after the closing bell Thursday.In the three months that ended September, the Seattle-based company is expected to earn 3 cents per share on revenue of $42.05 billion. This compares to the year-ago quarter when the company earned 52 cents per share on $32.71 billion in revenue. For the full year, ending December, EPS is expected to be $3.63 per share, down from $4.90 per share a year ago, while full year revenue of $174.65 billion would rise 28.4% year over year.Clearly, the e-commerce giant is still projected to put up impressive growth numbers. Notably, this is even though Amazon — now valued at close to $500 billion — is almost twice the size of Wal-Mart (WMT). That said, the company did miss its second quarter earnings estimates and signaled increased capital spending, which spooked investors into selling AMZN stock. The shares took a massive haircut as a result, falling from its all-time high of $1,083 to around $936.While the shares have rebounded somewhat, the stock is still down 7% in three months, suggesting investors are anxious whether CEO Jeff Bezos — as he’s known to do — will decide if it’s time to mash the profit accelerator or continue to building out his vision, which ultimately means higher spending.As such, on Thursday, analysts will also focus on the company’s profit margins, looking for any hint into Bezos’ thinking and whether the stock deserves its consensus price target of $1163, which calls for 20% rise from current levels.Amazon continues to invest in ways to strengthen its logistics, while also expanding internationally. The company’s plans for Whole Foods acquisition will also be a hot topic. Amazon, which immediately cut prices of some selected grocery products, has wasted no time dictating food prices. The acquisition is a way for Amazon to broaden its Prime shopper base. How much of a contribution has Whole Foods made? Piper Jaffray analysts are modeling for $1.4 billion.Beyond the top and bottom line numbers and the impact of Whole Foods, the Street will want to see how the company’s AWS (Amazon Web Services) cloud platform performs, which will dictate how much of a focus should be placed on the company’s capital spending. AWS boats more than half of Fortune 500 companies on the platform to run their businesses. It’s still the clear-cut leader in cloud market share and accounts for more than half of Amazon's operating profits in 2016, up ten percentage points than 2015.At the same time, however, competing cloud platforms from Microsoft (MSFT) and Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) are gaining traction. In the second quarter, AWS revenue rose 42% year over year to $4.1 billion, showing that it is still growing impressively. To the extent AWS, which grew 55% in the year-ago quarter, can grow at 40%-plus Thursday the Street will be pleased. This is because despite the growth deceleration, AWS is still growing twice as faster the retail segment, while producing operating margins that are ten times higher.In other words, AWS carries tons of muscle. And if Amazon can flex more of it Thursday the stock should fly towards all-time highs, and in the process assuaging investor fears about any increased sending the company may wish to adopt to maintain its competitive edge.At the time of publication, the author was long AMZN stock.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.




https://investorplace.com/2017/10/amazon-com-inc-amzn-4/

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) posted its third-quarter results Thursday afternoon.The company reported its earnings after the market closed, which saw AMZN shares soar on the e-commerce retailer’s impressive results. Earnings came in at 52 cents per share, which was in line with the year-ago mark.Revenue was a strong point for Amazon, coming in at $43.7 billion, ahead of the $42.19 billion that analysts were calling for, and ahead of the year-ago mark by 34%. One of the most important elements of the period was the acquisition of Whole Foods, which saw the retailer take over a segment of the grocery industry.Prime Day was important for the company as it helped retail growth to increase, especially in international markets, according to the company’s CFO. Amazon Web Services is the strongest segment of the retailer, growing 42% year-over-year and amounting to 11% of the company’s total revenue.The cloud computing unit is also growing at a fast rate for the retailer, surging to $4.6 billion in the period, ahead of the $3.2 billion from a year ago.Amazon predicts that it will rake in between $56 billion and $60.5 billion in sales during its fourth quarter, which marks a growth of between 28% and 38% for the period. The forecast is fueled by the Whole Foods acquisition, as well as a favorable foreign exchange rate.Operating income is slated to be between $300 million and $1.65 billion, compared with $1.3 billion in the year-ago quarter.AMZN shares soared 7.6% after the bell.Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/amazon-com-inc-amzn-4/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amazon-now-employs-whopping-542-003442087.html

Ted S. Warren/AP It's hard to imagine a company that already employed 382,400 people could grow its headcount 77% in just three months.But that's exactly what Amazon did. At the end of September, the e-commerce giant employed 541,900 people, up 159,500 from the end of June. The boost in employees mostly came from Whole Foods, which Amazon acquired in August. That deal added 90,000 people to Amazon's payroll. But even setting that deal aside, Amazon still brought on board 70,000 additional new employees.An undisclosed number of those came from Souq.com, the Middle East's biggest e-commerce player, which Amazon also bought last quarter, Brian Olsavsky, Amazon's chief financial officer, told analysts during the company's quarterly conference call on Thursday. Excluding Whole Foods and Souq, Amazon's headcount would have grown 47%, Olsavsky said. Amazon is now the second largest US company by headcount. However, it's still a long way behind Walmart, which has 2.3 million employees.But Amazon isn't done growing or hiring. The company said it plans to hire 120,000 seasonal workers for its warehouses and customer services centers this holiday season. After last year's holiday season, Amazon ended up hiring many of its seasonal workers full time, and it plans to do the same thing again this year, the company said. Meanwhile, the company has grown its warehouse space by 30% this year, Olsavsky said.The company is hiring an army of office workers as well. It has 14,000 job openings listed on its website, over 7,000 of which are for software engineers. Another 2,500 of the openings are for sales people, mostly focused on promoting its Amazon Web Services cloud computing service to businesses.NOW WATCH: Meet the three women who married Donald TrumpSee Also:SEE ALSO: This quote from Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos shows what an unstoppable beast Alexa has become

https://qz.com/1113129/amazon-amzn-third-quarter-earnings-shares-soar-after-amazon-beats-expectations/

Amazon has never particularly cared about hitting short-term earnings expectations. But when it does, investors go crazy.Shares of Amazon surged 8% in after-hours trading today (Oct. 26) after the company beat third-quarter expectations. Amazon reported $256 million in profit, roughly comparable to net income in the same quarter a year earlier. It generated $43.7 billion in sales, up 34% year over year and comfortably above the $42 billion in revenue that analysts were expecting.The results mean that Amazon’s sales growth has now accelerated for four straight quarters, a good sign for the company as sales growth in its crucial Amazon Web Services unit has stagnated. AWS, Amazon’s cloud services business and a reliable revenue-generator, contributed $4.6 billion in revenue in the most recent quarter, up 42% from the third quarter of 2017. That’s about the same rate that AWS grew at in the second quarter of this year, and slower than any other quarter in recent years.The main event of Amazon’s third quarter was, of course, the $13.7 billion acquisition of Whole Foods that it completed in August. Amazon said Whole Foods contributed $1.3 billion in sales this past quarter, which ended Sept. 30. Whole Foods reported $3.7 billion in sales in its quarter ended July 2, its last one as an independent public company.

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/nonamazon-earnings-news-shows-how-powerful-amazon-amzn-really-is-cm866731

Amazon (Shutterstock photo)Two days ago, after UPS (UPS) beat earnings expectations, I wrote an article that suggested buying Amazon (AMZN) ahead of earnings. I was pleased to see the massive beat that they reported yesterday, but when that is combined with some other news from yesterday, it is clear that you should hang on to at least some of that stock for the long term.Earnings dominated yesterday’s news, with well over three hundred public companies reporting their results for the third quarter. There can be no doubt as to the big winners in earnings yesterday. Two other giant U.S. tech companies, Alphabet (GOOG: GOOGL) and Microsoft (MSFT) joined Amazon in beating expectations by wide margins, but there were plenty of other stories to consider.We heard that CVS (CVS) is trying to buy health insurer Aetna (AET) in a reportedly $66 billion deal, and department store JC Penney (JCP) released yet another gloomy outlook.There was a flood of seemingly unrelated news from multiple sources, but those stories can all be connected through Amazon.The most obvious connection is that between Amazon and the two companies whose main business is retail, CVS and JCP. There is a common narrative that says that Amazon is destroying traditional retail right now, but that is not strictly accurate. They are dominant in e-commerce for sure, but still only account for a small percentage of total U.S. retail sales, and are significantly smaller in that regard than somebody like Wal-Mart (WMT).What is really causing ructions is not Amazon’s current market share, but fear of what is to come.The move by CVS, for example, could be just another example of consolidation by vertical integration that has become all the rage in the healthcare market rather than as having anything to do with Amazon. The healthcare system in the U.S. leads the world by far in terms of costs and yet is way down the list in terms of outcomes, and that has been the case for decades, so something has to change.Consolidation is, according to the companies involved, a way of improving efficiency and the patient experience, although more cynical minds may look at it as an attempt to become too big to fail before the finger of blame points in their direction.Merging CVS, who started as a retail company but is already involved in service delivery (Minute Clinics) and pharmacy benefit management, with an insurer makes sense on several levels not related to Amazon. However, it cannot be a coincidence that the idea is floated as it becomes increasingly clear that Bezos et al are about to get into the retail pharmacy business.What is driving things here is not Amazon’s current presence or market share, but fear of what they may and could do to profitability.That fear is justified. What Amazon has shown in the past is that they are quite prepared to operate on razor-thin margins to fund growth, and that the market is quite happy with that situation. The operating margin of under 1% that Amazon “achieved” this quarter would sink many other stocks, even in growth-oriented companies, but Amazon is, rightfully, given a pass on that by investors.I have pointed out before that what many miss when they talk about the so called “Amazon model,” where profits don’t matter and growth is pursued constantly, is that Amazon has shown in the past that they can turn on the profit tap, seemingly at will. From 2007-2010, as the recession hit retail hard, they more than doubled their profits before going back to massive investment and often losses in the following years.That ability makes growth at Amazon even more valuable.I cannot say that their impressive report came as a surprise, as is obvious from the above referenced article.  What did, though, was the extent to which nearly every corporate news story that broke yesterday is connected to Amazon’s performance and growth. Some might argue that ultimately that will not prove to be healthy, but what it says right now is that AMZN still has a lot more upside, and that yesterday’s jump in the stock is just the beginning.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.




https://investorplace.com/2017/10/amazon-com-inc-amzn-stock-rally-earnings/

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) reminded Wall Street last night that it is still a growth powerhouse … at least on the revenue side of things. But then, sales growth has never really been a problem for Amazon.The company has seen revenue rise by more than 20% annually for the past five years. Amazon’s problem has always been spending, and regardless of today’s AMZN stock rally, you can the results clearly in the company’s earnings.Prior to last quarter, Amazon had posted net income growth for eight straight quarters. That winning streak ended in July, as Amazon increased spending on content for Amazon Prime Video and shelled out $13.7 billion for Whole Foods.Still, third-quarter earnings results were better than expected — including spending. Amazon said it earned 52 cents per share, and, while not a gain, results were flat with the same quarter last year. Analysts were expecting heavier spending, with earnings forecasts looking for a profit in a range of 2 cents to 7 cents per share, depending on who you ask.While spending will remain a concern heading into 2018, it looks like Amazon has things under control for the time being. And that’s a major boon heading into the holiday shopping season … and for AMZN stock options traders.Sentiment is only growing stronger on Amazon stock. The brokerage community emerged this morning to flood the shares with AMZN stock price target increases:What’s more, Amazon has also scored at least a pair of ratings upgrades from Raymond James (to outperform from market perform) and Monness Crespi Hardt (to buy from neutral). Overall, Thomson/First Call reports that 39 of the 44 analysts following AMZN stock have given it a “buy” or better.
Click to Enlarge That’s a lot of bullish sentiment that would give any contrarian cause for concern. But AMZN stock technicals are still backing the bullish line.The shares opened more than 9% higher this morning, putting Amazon stock above former resistance at $1,050. Given the shares’ momentum, $1,100 could be well within AMZN’s reach by the end of the year — if not the end of next month.Next PageArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/amazon-com-inc-amzn-stock-rally-earnings/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/10/10210895/what-to-look-for-in-amazons-q3-report

Amazon.com, Inc.  (NASDAQ: AMZN), the disruptor in the retail space, is soon to chime in its fiscal-year third-quarter results.Amazon is scheduled to report results after Thursday's market close.Analysts, on average, expect the company to report a steep decline in earnings per share at 3 cents, down from 52 cents in the year-ago period. That said, revenues are expected to climb 28.60 percent year over year to $42.05 billion.Consensus expectation have been bumped up from 1 cent to 3 cents over the last month.Loop Capital Markets' Anthony Chukumba said he expects above-consensus earnings of 9 cents for the third quarter, premised on more optimistic top-line and profitability expectations. The analyst models 27-percent sales growth, with 40-percent growth in  AWS  and 31.4-percent growth in the North American business.Loop Capital Markets is anticipating an across-the-board operating profit drop, a 300-basis-point drop in AWS, 100-basis-point decline each in North American and International businesses.Along with the second-quarter release, the company issued guidance for the third quarter, calling for net sales of $39.25 billion to $41.75 billion.In the second quarter, the Seattle-based company reported 25-percent sales growth to $38 billion, with 65 percent coming from product and the remaining from service sales.Gross margin contracted to 61.7 percent from 63 percent.Roughly 59 percent of the total net sales came from North America, 30 percent from international operations and 11 percent from AWS. Meanwhile, the North American business generated operating profit of $436 million and the AWS $916 million, while the international operation bled, posting an operating loss of $724 million.See also:  Contrarian: Amazon Is One Of The Weakest Retailers There Is  Amazon  completed its acquisition  of Whole Foods on Aug. 28. The company announced, coinciding with the closure, it will start offering lower prices on a selection of grocery staples across its stores.The company also announced a  partnership  with  Microsoft Corporation  (NASDAQ: MSFT) to link up its Alexa digital assistant with the latter's Cortana.Chukumba feels investors are likely to focus on the following:The company had reported operating margin contraction of 210 basis points in the North American business and 260 basis points from AWS in the second quarter.For the fourth quarter, which encompasses the key holiday selling season, analysts, on average, expect earnings of $1.69 per share on revenues of $58.85 billion, up 34.60 percent. Meanwhile, consensus estimates call for earnings of $3.63 per share for the fiscal-year 2017 versus $4.90 per share in 2016 and revenues of $174.65 billion, representing a 28.40-percent increase.Meanwhile, Loop Capital Markets estimates earnings per share of $4.22 for 2017.Amazon shares have gained 31.49 percent in the year-to-date period and have risen a more modest 1.86 since the start of the third quarter. This is in comparison with the 7.96-percent gain by the NASDAQ Composite and 6.26-percent advance by the S&P 500.Loop Capital Markets has a Buy rating and a $1,200 price target for the shares of Amazon. Based on Yahoo database, the average analyst recommendation for the company is a Buy. The average analysts' price target is $1,163.10.Related Link:  Master Of All Trades: Every Industry Jeff Bezos Has A Hand In  
View More Analyst Ratings for AMZN

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Guidance Previews Reiteration Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.

