https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/

Everything happens fast nowadays. The curve steepens and shortens especially in the tech world. It’s hard to believe that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has only been up and running for 18 years. During that time Chairman, Jack Ma, has built one of the most formidable global ecommerce companies that is closing in on a half billion dollar market valuation.Being a homegrown mainland Chinese company, BABA has been able to navigate the waters there much more adroitly and profitably that foreign companies. And then, leveraging its scale and suppliers, the company continues to expand its reach in all directions.It listed on the New York Stock Exchange just three years ago facing many naysayers and China bears. BABA has clearly proved them wrong. Since its public listing the stock has delivered returns of 86%. Most of the performance has been in part due to the overall buoyant investor sentiment toward tech companies this year, but during the past few years, BABA has proven that it is a true competitor across multiple industries.But the past is the past, and at the 18th anniversary employee gathering, the focus was all about the future. Ma stated that, “…compared to the future, we have only just come of age. The future holds endless possibilities and imagination for Alibaba…”With a nod towards giving back and doing good for the broader economic community, Ma further emphasized:“Over the past three years we delivered on short-term financial goals, but our true purpose lies in harnessing the power of technology and innovation to make the world economy more inclusive and more healthy toward sustainable development.”Ma’s words may be sound altruistic, but they are built on the success of the company’s underlying enterprise. Taobao Marketplace, Tmall, Juhuasuan (flash sales), and 1688.com all fall under the Alibaba banner. From retail to wholesale to mobile to online, BABA’s presence is felt everywhere.New Retail and New Finance are particularly interesting given what BABA can leverage from its 18 years of deep operational experience. These also happen to be industries ripe for disruption, and BABA is well positioned to be that disruptor.Next PageArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-205651094.html

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) saw a double-digit share price rise of over 10% in the past couple of months on the NYSE. As a large-cap stock with high coverage by analysts, you could assume any recent changes in the company’s outlook is already priced into the stock. However, what if the stock is still a bargain? Today I will analyse the most recent data on BABA’s outlook and valuation to see if the opportunity still exists. See our latest analysis for BABAAccording to my valuation model, the stock is currently overvalued by about 100%, trading at $177.32 compared to my intrinsic value of $88.68. This means that the opportunity to buy BABA at a good price has disappeared! If you like the stock, you may want to keep an eye out for a potential price decline in the future. Given that BABA’s share is fairly volatile (i.e. its price movements are magnified relative to the rest of the market) this could mean the price can sink lower, giving us another chance to buy in the future. This is based on its high beta, which is a good indicator for share price volatility.Investors looking for growth in their portfolio may want to consider the prospects of a company before buying its shares. Although value investors would argue that it’s the intrinsic value relative to the price that matter the most, a more compelling investment thesis would be high growth potential at a cheap price. BABA’s earnings over the next few years are expected to double, indicating a very optimistic future ahead. This should lead to stronger cash flows, feeding into a higher share value.Are you a shareholder? BABA’s optimistic future growth appears to have been factored into the current share price, with shares trading above its fair value. At this current price, shareholders may be asking a different question – should I sell? If you believe BABA should trade below its current price, selling high and buying it back up again when its price falls towards its real value can be profitable. But before you make this decision, take a look at whether its fundamentals have changed.Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on BABA for a while, now may not be the best time to enter into the stock. The price has surpassed its true value, which means there’s no upside from mispricing. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for BABA, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors in order to take advantage of the next price drop.Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Alibaba Group Holding. You can find everything you need to know about BABA in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Alibaba Group Holding, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential. To help readers see pass the short term volatility of the financial market, we aim to bring you a long-term focused research analysis purely driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis does not factor in the latest price sensitive company announcements.   The author is an independent contributor and at the time of publication had no position in the stocks mentioned.

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/10/28/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-upgraded-at-vetr-inc.html


					Posted by Toi Williams on Oct 28th, 2017 // No Comments Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) was upgraded by stock analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report released on Monday, October 16th. The firm currently has a $202.18 price target on the specialty retailer’s stock. Vetr‘s price objective suggests a potential upside of 14.78% from the stock’s previous close.Several other research firms have also weighed in on BABA. Macquarie upped their price objective on Alibaba Group Holding Limited from $171.00 to $200.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, August 18th. Bank of America Corporation upped their price objective on Alibaba Group Holding Limited from $180.00 to $193.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, August 18th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. assumed coverage on Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research note on Tuesday, August 15th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $175.00 price objective on the stock. KeyCorp  set a $182.00 price target on Alibaba Group Holding Limited and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, August 18th. Finally, MKM Partners increased their price target on Alibaba Group Holding Limited from $177.00 to $220.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, August 23rd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, thirty-one have assigned  a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. Alibaba Group Holding Limited currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $181.43.Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) opened at 176.15 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $447.95 billion, a P/E ratio of 58.46 and a beta of 2.60. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a 12-month low of $86.01 and a 12-month high of $184.70. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $176.07 and a 200 day moving average price of $148.61. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, August 17th. The specialty retailer reported $0.94 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.21. The firm had revenue of $7.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.16 billion. Alibaba Group Holding Limited had a return on equity of 16.85% and a net margin of 28.77%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.74 EPS.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Alibaba Group Holding Limited will post $4.91 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Vetr Inc. Upgrades Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) to “Strong-Buy”” was first  reported by TrueBlueTribune and is the sole property of of TrueBlueTribune. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/10/28/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-upgraded-at-vetr-inc.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the business. Beech Hill Advisors Inc. grew its stake in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 10.2% during the third quarter. Beech Hill Advisors Inc. now owns 5,389 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $931,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter.  E&G Advisors LP bought a new stake in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the third quarter worth $225,000.  Weatherly Asset Management L. P. grew its stake in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 24.7% in the third quarter. Weatherly Asset Management L. P. now owns 1,767 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $305,000 after purchasing an additional 350 shares during the last quarter.  Bainco International Investors bought a new stake in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the third quarter worth $215,000.  Finally, Seminole Management Co. Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the third quarter worth $6,788,000. 37.34% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Alibaba Group Holding LimitedAlibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally.To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website.Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/10/27/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-shares-sold-by-private-asset-management-inc.html


					Posted by Joyce Ramirez on Oct 27th, 2017 // No Comments Private Asset Management Inc. cut its holdings in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) by 81.1% during the third quarter, according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 4,733 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after selling 20,292 shares during the quarter. Private Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Alibaba Group Holding Limited were worth $4,733,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Shine Investment Advisory Services Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the second quarter worth $102,000.  FNY Managed Accounts LLC bought a new position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the first quarter worth $107,000.  Lee Financial Co boosted its position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 45.5% during the second quarter. Lee Financial Co now owns 800 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $113,000 after purchasing an additional 250 shares in the last quarter.  Winch Advisory Services LLC boosted its position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 147.4% during the second quarter. Winch Advisory Services LLC now owns 809 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $114,000 after purchasing an additional 482 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, San Francisco Sentry Investment Group CA bought a new position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the second quarter worth $116,000. 37.34% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) traded up 3.28% during trading on Friday, hitting $175.91. 16,366,749 shares of the stock traded hands. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a 1-year low of $86.01 and a 1-year high of $184.70. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $176.07 and a 200 day moving average of $148.61. The company has a market cap of $447.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 58.38 and a beta of 2.60. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, August 17th. The specialty retailer reported $0.94 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.73 by $0.21. Alibaba Group Holding Limited had a return on equity of 16.85% and a net margin of 28.77%. The firm had revenue of $7.40 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.16 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.74 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  Alibaba Group Holding Limited will post $4.91 EPS for the current fiscal year. A number of equities analysts have recently weighed in on BABA shares. Vetr raised shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $160.50 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, June 29th. Deutsche Bank AG  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $201.00 price target (up from $158.00) on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research report on Monday, July 3rd. Atlantic Securities  restated a “hold” rating on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Friday, July 14th. HSBC Holdings plc  restated a “buy” rating and set a $168.00 price objective (up from $162.00) on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Saturday, July 22nd. Finally, Instinet  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Saturday, July 22nd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, thirty-two have given a buy rating and two have assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $180.09.COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first  published by The Ledger Gazette and is the sole property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/10/27/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-shares-sold-by-private-asset-management-inc.html. Alibaba Group Holding Limited Company ProfileAlibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally.Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.

https://postanalyst.com/2017/10/27/the-silver-lining-in-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-houghton-mifflin-harcourt-company-hmhc/

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) popped in on a low volume green day. Volume on 26-Oct-17 came in at 13.36 million contracts. The daily trading volume has averaged 18.04 million shares a day in past 3 months. The first sale was made at $170.62 but later the stock became weaker, and closed with a gain of 0.06%. It was last traded at $170.32 apiece. Alibaba Group Holding Limited is maintained at an average outperform rating by 47 stock analysts, and there are at least 17.13% of shares outstanding that are currently legally short sold. The shares went down by -0.39% in value last month. Year-to-date it jumped 93.96%. Analysts are turning out to be more optimistic than before, with 46 of analysts who cover Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) advice adding it to buy candidate list. Wall Street experts also assign a $196.01 price target on Alibaba Group Holding Limited, pointing towards a 15.08% rally from current levels. The stock is trading for about -7.79% less than its 52-week high. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) remained successful in beating the consensus-estimated $6.22 as it actually earned $7.95 per share in its last reported financial results. Revenue, on the other hand, scored 23.66% growth from the previous quarter, coming up with $47.71 billion.  This company shares (BABA) so far managed to recover 98.02% since collapsing to its 52-week low. Over a month, it has seen its stock price volatility to stay at 2.23% while shortening the period to a week, volatility was 1.96%. The share price has yet to cross its 20 days moving average, floating at a distance of -3.98% and sits -2.29% lower versus its 50 days moving average. When looking at the past five sessions, the stock returned -4.28% losses and is up by 26.41% compared with its 200-day moving average of $148.61. Also, Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) needs to expand a 65.71% increase it experienced over the past twelve months. As regular trading ended, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company (HMHC) stock brought in a $0.25 rise to $10.4. The day started at a price of $10.2 but then traded as high as $10.45 before giving part of the gains back. As for this week, analysts appear content to stick with their neutral outlook with the consensus call at 2.3. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company is given 2 buy-equivalent recommendations, 0 sells and 4 holds. The company shares sank -25.45% from their peak of $ 13.95 and now has a $1.28 billion market value of equity. HMHC’s mean recommendation on Reuter’s scale presents no change from 2.33 thirty days ago to 2.33 now, which indicates a hold consensus from the analyst community. They see Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company (HMHC) price hitting a mean target of $13.79 a share, meaning the stock still has potential that could lift the price another 32.6% Also, the recent close suggests the stock is underpriced by 63.46% compared to the most bullish target. The company had seen its current volume reaching at 1.2 million shares in the last trade. That compares with the recent volume average of 0.96 million. At the close of regular trading, its last week’s stock price volatility was 3.07% which for the month reaches 3.68%. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company dipped to as low as $10 throughout the day and has returned -4.15% in this year. At one point in the past year, the shares traded as low as $9.15 but has recovered 13.66% since then.

http://www.insidermonkey.com/blog/long-term-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-investors-should-read-this-605778/

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) shares almost doubled since the US presidential elections. As a long-term Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shareholder you may be more determined than ever about the long-term success of BABA shares but one of our favorite hedge fund managers has a better investment idea if you are bullish on BABA.Anthony Bozza’s Lakewood Capital is one of the better performing long-short equity hedge funds in operation today. In its Q3 investor letter Anthony Bozza suggests a better investment idea for long-term Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shareholders (see Lakewood Capital’s 2017 Q3 investor letter).Here is what Bozza said in his investor letter:Softbank’s primary operating business is its domestic wireless business. The wireless industry in Japan is an oligopoly as three players (NTT Docomo, KDDI and Softbank) control the market. The industry is mature with low churn and stable profitability. Softbank utilizes the cash flow from this business to diversify and grow its investment portfolio. Using a 6x EBITDA multiple, which is consistent with peers, we estimate that this business is worth $65 billion. Softbank’s other primary operating business is ARM Holdings, the U.K.-based licensor of microprocessor technologies that Softbank acquired last year for around $30 billion. Together, we value these businesses at ¥9,850 per share.The bulk of Softbank’s remaining value comes from its public stakes in Alibaba, Sprint and Yahoo! Japan, as well as its significant portfolio of private investments. The company’s 25% stake in Alibaba is worth $120 billion, or ¥12,365 per Softbank share. Softbank also owns 85% of Sprint, a stake worth $24 billion, or ¥2,460 per share. Additionally, Softbank has a ¥1.3 trillion stake (¥1,175 per share) in Yahoo! Japan, a leading internet portal in Japan. While these public stakes alone amount to ¥16,000 per share (60% above the current share price), Softbank also has a portfolio of private investments, consisting primarily of stakes in leading ride hailing and e-commerce platforms in Asia. These investments are valued on the balance sheet at ¥2,300 per share. While we think there could be substantial upside to the private investments over time, we do not ascribe any premium. Together, Softbank’s public and private investments have a gross value of ¥18,300 per share. We think a substantial discount is being placed on Softbank’s public holdings due to the recent rapid appreciation in the value of the Alibaba stake and the market’s persistent focus on uncertainty around the company’s investment in Sprint. While Softbank shareholders have been slow to recognize the increased value of the Alibaba stake, we expect this significant value will ultimately be reflected in the stock price. And, while Sprint is undoubtedly a substantial holding for Softbank, it amounts to less than 15% of the total investment portfolio. Also, an expected merger with T-Mobile would represent a significant positive development as Sprint would become a scale number three player in the consolidated U.S. wireless market. We conservatively apply a 30% discount to all of its investments and arrive at a net value of ¥12,810 per share.Suggested Reading: 10 best selling products on AlibabaDaily Newsletter Headline Hedge Fund Investor Letters Hedge Fund:365 Newsfeed NYSE:BABA Yahoo FinanceWarren BuffettBerkshire Hathaway$161,873,831,000David EinhornGreenlight Capital$7,194,915,000George SorosSoros Fund Management$4,960,582,000T Boone PickensBP Capital$217,724,000Jim SimonsRenaissance Technologies$71,565,957,000Leon CoopermanOmega Advisors$2,484,137,000Carl IcahnIcahn Capital LP$19,937,172,000Steve CohenPoint72 Asset Management$17,942,674,000John PaulsonPaulson & Co$7,534,125,000David TepperAppaloosa Management LP$6,087,183,000

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/

Everything happens fast nowadays. The curve steepens and shortens especially in the tech world. It’s hard to believe that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has only been up and running for 18 years. During that time Chairman, Jack Ma, has built one of the most formidable global ecommerce companies that is closing in on a half billion dollar market valuation.Being a homegrown mainland Chinese company, BABA has been able to navigate the waters there much more adroitly and profitably that foreign companies. And then, leveraging its scale and suppliers, the company continues to expand its reach in all directions.It listed on the New York Stock Exchange just three years ago facing many naysayers and China bears. BABA has clearly proved them wrong. Since its public listing the stock has delivered returns of 86%. Most of the performance has been in part due to the overall buoyant investor sentiment toward tech companies this year, but during the past few years, BABA has proven that it is a true competitor across multiple industries.But the past is the past, and at the 18th anniversary employee gathering, the focus was all about the future. Ma stated that, “…compared to the future, we have only just come of age. The future holds endless possibilities and imagination for Alibaba…”With a nod towards giving back and doing good for the broader economic community, Ma further emphasized:“Over the past three years we delivered on short-term financial goals, but our true purpose lies in harnessing the power of technology and innovation to make the world economy more inclusive and more healthy toward sustainable development.”Ma’s words may be sound altruistic, but they are built on the success of the company’s underlying enterprise. Taobao Marketplace, Tmall, Juhuasuan (flash sales), and 1688.com all fall under the Alibaba banner. From retail to wholesale to mobile to online, BABA’s presence is felt everywhere.New Retail and New Finance are particularly interesting given what BABA can leverage from its 18 years of deep operational experience. These also happen to be industries ripe for disruption, and BABA is well positioned to be that disruptor.Next PageArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

http://www.euronews.com/2017/10/28/saudi-arabia-ready-to-extend-oil-output-cut-deal-crown-prince

Saudi Arabia ready to extend oil output cut deal - Crown Prince

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/top-end-measures-for-sales-growth-make-alibaba-group-holding-baba-a-strong-buy/

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) is a component of the 133 company Internet Software & Services GICS industry group, which is part of the 705 company GICS Information Technology sector. The market value of BABA is $448.5 billion which falls in the top decile in its industry group. The stock's current Portfolio Grader score places it 2 among the 133 companies in this industry group, positioning it among the leaders; among the sector leaders with a ranking of 6 among the 705 companies in the sector, and number 8 in the nearly 5,000 company Portfolio Grader universe.BABA is rated as a Strong Buy using Louis Navellier's investing methodology and his Portfolio Grader stock evaluator.  The current Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has been in place for 5 months.The Information Technology sector is ranked number 6 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it in the third quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 24 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it near the average in terms of the Navellier scoring system.Alibaba Group Holding has realized above-average scores in 7 of the 8 fundamental areas appraised by Portfolio Grader in the ranking of company stocks.BABA's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are discernibly above average.  Scores for visibility of earnings are superior with a ranking for earnings revisions, earnings surprises and earnings momentum that are much better than average. BABA's ranking for return on equity is markedly better than its industry group average but its grade for cash flow is below-average.  Alibaba Group Holding's fundamental scores give BABA a place in the top decile of the industry group. Portfolio Grader quantitatively gauges BABA's shares using the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score. This metric looks at BABA's shares from the angle of risk/reward. This unique scoring methodology takes into account the relative value of BABA's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, the company currently scores well above-average in its industry group compared to its peers.Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here.Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies.Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/top-end-measures-for-sales-growth-make-alibaba-group-holding-baba-a-strong-buy/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/one-thing-to-understand-about-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-its-a-buy-now/

Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) have been on fire so far this year, up a ridiculous 97%. However, I feel that BABA stock could have even more upside and at the very least, are setting up for a very low-risk, high-reward buy. Let’s take a look, shall we?Alibaba now has a market cap of almost $446 billion, ballooning 185% in the last 20 months. Back when the Chinese e-commerce giant first went public, I didn’t know exactly what it did. People would say, “it’s like Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), but not exactly”. Okay… so what does that mean?BABA has all sorts of business arms, from its own sites — Alibaba.com and Tmall.com — along with platforms and notable stakes in other companies. Sure, Alibaba is exposed to all sorts of e-commerce, but then there’s online video, social media, cloud computing and peer-to-peer financial platforms. It would be like mixing bits of Amazon, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Twitter Inc (NASDAQ:TWTR) all into one. And even then, one would still say “sort of” afterwards.Combined with the fact that it’s based in China and not well known in the U.S. makes it difficult for American investors to truly understand Alibaba. BABA’s structure doesn’t make it any easier. Because the Chinese government isn’t too flexible on what assets foreign investors can own, Alibaba was forced to set up a complicated structure involving a holding company based in the Cayman Islands.Long story short, this arrangement — or variable interest entity (VIE) — makes life quite complicated should a challenging legal situation arise. Because of this structure (and we literally only scratched the surface), it’s very, very tough to know what BABA stock ownership gives investors a stake in, what Alibaba owns and what founder/CEO Jack Ma owns. Trying to determine Alibaba employees, revenue and liabilities becomes even more complicated.This difficulty to understand what’s what is one reason I avoided BABA stock two years ago. I wouldn’t say investors should avoid BABA for that reason alone, but recognize that it’s not a standard setup going into it.While its legal setup may not be easy to understand, we can wrap our heads around growth. BABA stock may seem astronomically expensive, trading at almost 60 times trailing earnings. However, its 26 times forward earnings multiple is much more reasonable. While some investors may still find that figure troubling, consider Alibaba’s growth. Analysts expect the company to grow earnings almost 40% this year and another 34% next year. That goes along with an almost 50% sales increase this year and a 34% jump in 2018.Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) is a close comparison and it trades at 26.5 times forward earnings estimates. For comparison purposes, FB is expected to grow earnings 26% and 22% in 2017 and 2018, respectively, and sales 42% and 30% during the same periods. One could argue that BABA stock should trade a premium to FB shares given the former’s far superior growth.Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/one-thing-to-understand-about-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-its-a-buy-now/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

