https://qz.com/1113031/alphabet-goog-beat-on-q3-earnings-because-its-whole-business-is-still-google-googl/

Time is a flat circle.Alphabet announced its third-quarter earnings today (Oct. 26), and yet again, it brought in a ton of cash, almost entirely from Google’s advertising business.The company generated $27.8 billion in revenue, up 24% from the same quarter last year, making this Alphabet’s highest-revenue quarter ever. (The previous record was $26.06 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016.) Roughly $24.1 billion of that revenue, or about 87%, came from Google’s ad sales. Alphabet reported $7.8 billion in profit for the quarter, up about 35% from the same period a year earlier.Most of the remainder of Alphabet’s revenue, about $3.4 billion, came from other revenue streams at Google, including hardware sales, cloud services, and sales of subscription services like YouTube TV and Google Play music, chief financial officer Ruth Porat said on the company’s earnings call. Just $302 million (around 1% of Alphabet’s revenue) came from sales from every other Alphabet company, lumped into the “Other Bets” bucket of its earnings.Analysts surveyed ahead of earnings had expected Alphabet to only bring in around $22 billion in revenue. The large beat saw the company’s Class A shares rising over $40 (about 4%) in after-hours trading.It remains to be seen whether investors will tire of Alphabet relying on the same old revenue sources. The company has been massively successful selling ads against search results on its own sites and apps, and selling ads on other companies’ websites. While those businesses show no signs of slowing, Alphabet has also invested billions into researching and developing a series of ambitious “moonshot” projects. It’s unclear whether those so-called Other Bets will ever be as important to Alphabet’s bottom line as its search engine has been.Those moonshots include self-driving cars at Waymo, internet-beaming balloons and delivery drones in the X research lab, defeating death at Calico, and myriad other companies. They have largely been money pits for Alphabet since the company spun them out from its core Google business in 2015. The only real revenue that’s come out of Other Bets to date has been hardware sales from Nest, Alphabet’s internet-of-things device company, and Fiber, its fiber-optic internet service.

https://searchengineland.com/alphabet-goog-third-quarter-beats-estimates-27-8-billion-revenues-24-285675

Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape.Google parent Alphabet announced third-quarter results. Both revenues and earnings per share beat Wall Street estimates.The company reported roughly $27.8 billion in total revenues (up 24 percent), with Google contributing all but $302 million of that amount. Earnings per share were $9.57, which was about $1.24 higher than expected.Advertising generated just over $24 billion in quarterly revenue. Operating income was about $7.8 billion. However, traffic acquisition costs (TAC) rose to $3.1 billion (vs. $2.6 billion a year ago). There are sure to be analyst questions about that item.The revenue breakdown by segment:Paid clicks on Google properties were up 6 percent year over year and aggregate cost per click (CPC) was up 1 percent. Here’s more detail:Paid click growth was significant. However, CPCs were down (18 percent) from a year ago but up slightly (1 percent) from last quarter. Alphabet (GOOG) shares are up in after-hours trading.The company says it now has more than 78,000 employees, compared with just under 70,000 a year ago. The earnings call webcast is happening now.Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group.March 13-15, 2018: SMX WestJune 11-13, 2018: SMX AdvancedGain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held:April 23-25, 2018: San Jose

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/alphabet-inc-goog-googl-has-broken-out-to-a-new-high-on-q3-results-20171027-00704

 (RTTNews.com) - Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) reported third quarter EPS of $9.57 after the close Thursday, up from $7.25 a year ago. The consensus estimate was for EPS of $8.33.Alphabet has gapped open sharply higher Friday morning and is now up 43.55 at $1034.97. The stock has broken out past resistance and has set a new high for the year.For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/pop-alphabet-inc-googl-stock-undervalued/

Its been a great day on Wall Street for big tech. Two FANG stocks reported blowout earnings after the bell on Thursday. E-commerce leader Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) beat on both top- and bottom-line expectations, while digital advertising leader Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL) also reported a double beat quarter.Both stocks are soaring in Friday trading.Three of the FANG stocks have now reported earnings for this quarter. All three reports healthily smashed expectations. Consequently, the trend towards big-tech consolidation among the top four players seems to be intact. The “buy FANG” thesis seems to still be in vogue on Wall Street.But one of these FANG stocks remains especially attractive considering its depressed valuation, even amidst all this excitement around tech. That stock is GOOG, which continues to trade at an attractive valuation considering the company’s robust growth prospects.Alphabet had a tremendous quarter.On the revenue side, total revenues surged 24% higher. They were up 21% last quarter, 22% the quarter before that, and 20% one year ago.There are two things to note here. One, this is a supposedly “mature” company that has been around for a while and is still posting revenue growth consistently above 20%. Two, the revenue growth narrative is actually accelerating. The 24% revenue growth rate this past quarter was the highest clip recorded so far this year.The same is true for the advertising revenue growth rate, which stood at 21% versus a high-teens rate over the past two quarters. Google is simply flexing its dominance in the digital advertising world. Mobile search is on fire. So is YouTube, which has 1.5 billion users who on average spend 60 minutes per day watching YouTube videos.The mobile and video shifts are still in their infancy, so both Google mobile and YouTube have long growth runways ahead.Meanwhile, Google Cloud continues to gain market share. Google’s ability to leverage data analytics and machine learning in its cloud ecosystem is resulting in huge enterprise customer wins. Recently, the headline names that shifted to Google Cloud include Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE:KSS) and Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:PYPL).Next PageArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/pop-alphabet-inc-googl-stock-undervalued/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

http://www.zdnet.com/article/goog-q3-analysis-googles-rapidly-narrowing-future/

IT PrioritiesTime to move on from DevOps and continuous delivery, says Google advocate

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in.Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year.Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future.But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify.It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads.Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters:What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to.

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in.Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year.Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future.But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify.It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads.Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters:What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to.

https://qz.com/1114096/alphabet-goog-amazon-amzn-apple-aapl-facebook-fb-and-microsoft-msft-have-added-nearly-1-trillion-in-value-in-2017/

It’s a great day, and year, to own stock in America’s technology sector.Mostly, the reasons were clear: Amazon, Microsoft, and Alphabet reported expectation-beating earnings yesterday (Oct. 26) after trading hours, and Apple saw strong demand for its new iPhone X overnight. As for Facebook, apparently a rising tide lifts all boats. By 1:30pm ET today, the market capitalization of those companies increased by $181 billion. For the sake of comparison, Goldman Sachs has a market cap of $93 billion.This year so far has been a big one for these companies, which have added nearly $1 trillion in value. And it’s only October—at current rates, these companies will have accrued that $1 trillion in market capitalization by the end of the year. Who knows, it could even happen next week when Facebook and Apple report earnings.

https://qz.com/1114096/alphabet-goog-amazon-amzn-apple-aapl-facebook-fb-and-microsoft-msft-have-added-nearly-1-trillion-in-value-in-2017/

It’s a great day, and year, to own stock in America’s technology sector.Mostly, the reasons were clear: Amazon, Microsoft, and Alphabet reported expectation-beating earnings yesterday (Oct. 26) after trading hours, and Apple saw strong demand for its new iPhone X overnight. As for Facebook, apparently a rising tide lifts all boats. By 1:30pm ET today, the market capitalization of those companies increased by $181 billion. For the sake of comparison, Goldman Sachs has a market cap of $93 billion.This year so far has been a big one for these companies, which have added nearly $1 trillion in value. And it’s only October—at current rates, these companies will have accrued that $1 trillion in market capitalization by the end of the year. Who knows, it could even happen next week when Facebook and Apple report earnings.

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alphabet-goog-a-hold-on-lackluster-industry-group-rank/

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is ranked as a Hold using Louis Navellier's approach to investing and his Portfolio Grader stock evaluator.  GOOG has maintained this ranking for 3 months.GOOG is a component of the 133 company Internet Software & Services GICS industry group, which is part of the 705 company GICS Information Technology sector. GOOG's market value is $684.7 billion which places it in the top 10% of its industry group The current Portfolio Grader ranking for GOOG puts it 79 among the 133 companies in this industry group, giving it a below-average spot. Currently, Portfolio Grader ranks the Information Technology sector number 6 among the 12 sectors in its universe putting it in the third quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 24 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it near the average in terms of the Navellier scoring system.Alphabet has realized above-average scores in 3 of the 8 fundamental areas appraised by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average scores in 5 of the areas evaluated in the ranking of company stocks.The company's operational scores provide mixed results with a ranking for operating margin and earnings growth that are below average, while the score for sales growth is above average. Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with rankings for earnings revisions and earnings momentum that are worse than average, while the score for earnings surprises is better than average. GOOG's grade for return on equity is noticeably better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average. These fundamental scores give Alphabet a position in the third quartile of the industry group. Quantitatively, Portfolio Grader uses the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score to view GOOG's shares from the aspect of risk/reward. This exclusive scoring system balances the relative value of the company's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, GOOG currently scores as average in its industry group compared to its peers.Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here.Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies.Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alphabet-goog-a-hold-on-lackluster-industry-group-rank/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

