https://investorplace.com/2017/10/tsla-stock-shock-somebody/

In June, I discussed the reasons why I thought Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) could hit $1,000. At the time, TSLA stock was trading around $360. Since then it’s taken a small step backward.I gave what I thought was an honest analysis of what has to go right for TSLA to hit one million vehicles produced annually by 2020; should the company do that, hitting $1,000 is anything but impossible—but it has to get to a million. Nearing the end of October, Tesla’s got 38 months to hit that production number. To hit $1,000, TSLA stock has to grow at 43% compounded annually over the next three years; a 48% return in 2018 would get it to $500. A 48% decline would drag it down to $176, but I’ve rounded it up to $200 for simplicity’s sake.Which does TSLA stock hit in 2018? $200 or $500?The heavy hitter wrote a very unflattering letter to clients Oct. 24 about Tesla. Of course, what’s Einhorn going to say when he’s got a significant short position in the company’s stock.In August I acknowledged Einhorn’s short, concluding my article by suggesting that Tesla’s stock would be overvalued if it doesn’t hit monthly production of 20,000 Model 3s by the end of the year.“The Wall Street Journal reported that the much-hyped Model 3 was indeed in production — by hand,” wrote InvestorPlace’s Lawrence Meyers discussing Tesla’s instance valuation recently. “Another source even says that the Model 3 is still being developed. Wasn’t this the car Musk said would be delivered in 2016?”That doesn’t sound like a company ready to produce 20,000 vehicles per anytime soon, does it?Einhorn certainly doesn’t think so.“Given the performance of certain stocks, we wonder if the market has adopted an alternative paradigm for calculating equity value,” wrote Einhorn in his letter to clients. “What if equity value has nothing to do with current or future profits and instead is derived from a company’s ability to be disruptive…?”That describes Tesla to a tee. Unfortunately, David, the value placed on any stock is merely a number both the buyer and seller can agree to. One man’s gold is another man’s garbage; Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, yadda, yadda, yadda.   Bottom line: Einhorn might be right that TSLA stock isn’t worth the paper it’s written on but until a majority of investors come to this conclusion, TSLA will continue to trend higher.Next PageArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/tsla-stock-shock-somebody/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3305155-tesla-reportedly-slashing-parts-orders-model-3

Local reports say Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) plans to cut orders for Model 3 parts from Hota Industrial by 40%, beginning in December.Hota tumbled nearly 8% in Taiwan overnight.Tesla may also delay scheduled weekly shipments of 10K parts in March by a few a weeks.In a tweet last night, Elon Musk made reference to Dante's 8th circle of hell in regards to production.Tesla is lower by 1.3% premarketNow read: 10 Questions For Elon Musk On Tesla's 3Q Conference Call »

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/10/10227121/wary-of-what-teslas-q3-will-hold-this-analyst-says-buy-

Ahead of  Tesla Inc  (NASDAQ: TSLA)'s  third-quarter results,  Baird analyst Ben Kallo said he'd buy the shares on any weakness.Though cautious into the quarter, Baird remains a long-term buyer, Kallo said in a Wednesday note. Tesla is scheduled to release its results after the market close Wednesday, Nov. 1. The firm maintained its Outperform rating and $411 price target for Tesla. At the time of writing, shares of Tesla were slipping 3.29 percent to $326.24.Baird Lowers EstimatesBaird lowered its estimates for Tesla to reflect lower absorption from the  Model 3,  which Kallo said will impact margins, and potentially lower ASPs on the Model S and Model X vehicles. The firm projects Tesla's third-quarter revenues at $2.879 billion; gross margin of 16.3 percent; and a loss per share of $2.78. This represents a scale down from Kallo's earlier expectations for revenues of $3.058 billion, a gross margin of 18.4 percent and a loss per share of $2.21.Despite the Model 3 ramp being one to two months behind schedule, Tesla will successfully ramp production and meet intermediate production targets, Kallo said. If production challenges continue through April 2018, the production ramp will become a larger issue, given the potential need for  additional capital, Kallo said. Tesla's upcoming semi-truck unveiling Nov. 14, should serve as a positive catalyst, Kallo said. The continued ramp of the Model 3 and progress toward becoming cash flow positive are Tesla's two largest catalysts, the analyst said. Here's Baird's take on the biggest catalysts for Tesla stock: Related Links: The Model 3, Cash Burn And Autonomous Tech: What To Listen For On Tesla's Q3 Call Tesla Reportedly Close To Operating Its Own Manufacturing Facility In ChinaPhoto courtesy of Tesla. 
View More Analyst Ratings for TSLA

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
Posted-In: Baird Ben Kallo TeslaAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/rsi-alert-tesla-tsla-now-oversold-cm867128

Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100. A stock is considered to be oversold if the RSI reading falls below 30.    In trading on Friday, shares of Tesla Inc (Symbol: TSLA) entered into oversold territory, hitting an RSI reading of 29.7, after changing hands as low as $316.66 per share. By comparison, the current RSI reading of the S&P 500 ETF ( SPY  ) is 70.1. A bullish investor could look at TSLA's 29.7 RSI reading today as a sign that the recent heavy selling is in the process of exhausting itself, and begin to look for entry point opportunities on the buy side. The chart below shows the one year performance of TSLA shares:     Looking at the chart above, TSLA's low point in its 52 week range is $178.19 per share, with $389.61 as the 52 week high point - that compares with a last trade of $324.02.  makeArticleAd();    According to the ETF Finder at ETF Channel, TSLA makes up 8.73% of the Global Alternative Energy ETF (Symbol: GEX) which is trading up by about 0.8% on the day Friday.   Find out what 9 other oversold stocks you need to   know about »        Find out what 9 other oversold stocks you need to   know about » 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.




https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/10/10241936/tesla-downgraded-as-the-street-grows-cautious-on-model-

Analyst at Evercore ISI think the bullish case for owning Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA) has come to an end. The firm's George Galliers downgraded Tesla's stock rating from Outperform to In Line with a price target lowered from $330 to $312.Tesla's Model 3 sedan happens to be the company's most "important piece" of the bullish, but a cautious view is now warranted, Galliers wrote in the downgrade note. Specifically, it is clear that production of the Model 3 sedan in the third quarter was weaker than expected with 260 units produced as opposed to an original target of slightly more than 1,500 units.At this point, there is no indication of whether Tesla fixed whatever production issues it may have had. Investors may need to wait for clarity on the company's third-quarter earnings report on Nov. 1, the analyst wrote. As a best-case scenario, Tesla's management team would say that production of the Model 3 is an "S-Curve" and hasn't changed substantially.However, a more likely scenario to play out would be Tesla's management unable to have 100 percent visibility on the Model 3 ramp until it is able to produce more than one thousand cars a week — which is unlikely to happen until the end of November."In the meantime, we urge caution on 3rd party interpretations of 20 second Instagram feeds from CEO Elon Musk," Galliers said.Related Links:Video: Gene Munster Compares Apples To TeslasWhat To Make Of Tesla's Mixed Q3 Deliveries
_________
Image Credit: By Steve Jurvetson - https://www.flickr.com/photos/jurvetson/36251519855/, CC BY 2.0, via Wikimedia Commons
View More Analyst Ratings for TSLA

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
Posted-In: Evercore ISIAnalyst Color Downgrades Price Target Travel Analyst Ratings Tech General Best of Benzinga© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tesla-reportedly-firing-solarcity-employees-184110318.html

Mark Von Holden/APTesla is reportedly continuing to make cuts to its SolarCity business.Tesla has fired an undisclosed number of SolarCity employees in offices in Nevada, Arizona, and Utah, CNBC's Lora Kolodny first reported. This is the first report of SolarCity firings to have occurred outside of its office in Roseville, California.Since August, Tesla has fired 204 SolarCity employees at its office in Roseville, California. Tesla has said the layoffs were part of an effort to centralize its "sales, customer support and information technology operations" after acquiring SolarCity in a deal worth $2.1 billion last November. Tesla said at the time of the acquisition it would cut costs by $150 million in the first full year after closing the deal, which will occur November 21, 2017. SolarCity cofounders Peter and Lyndon Rive have both left the company since it was acquired by Tesla. The Rives are cousins of Tesla CEO Elon Musk.But Tesla has also been firing employees across the company following annual performance reviews. The company has not disclosed which positions were eliminated or how many employees were let go, but a former employee told Reuters it was about 400 people. A Tesla spokesperson said the SolarCity firings that have occurred in offices outside of Roseville were part of performance review-related terminations that began in early October. But according to CNBC, some former employees claim that Tesla never conducted formal performance reviews at SolarCity since the acquisition. A Tesla spokesperson referred Business Insider to a previous comment on company-wide terminations: "Like all companies, Tesla conducts an annual performance review during which a manager and employee discuss the results that were achieved, as well as how those results were achieved, during the performance period. This includes both constructive feedback and recognition of top performers with additional compensation and equity awards, as well as promotions in many cases. As with any company, especially one of over 33,000 employees, performance reviews also occasionally result in employee departures. Tesla is continuing to grow and hire new employees around the world." "Like all companies, Tesla conducts an annual performance review during which a manager and employee discuss the results that were achieved, as well as how those results were achieved, during the performance period. This includes both constructive feedback and recognition of top performers with additional compensation and equity awards, as well as promotions in many cases. As with any company, especially one of over 33,000 employees, performance reviews also occasionally result in employee departures. Tesla is continuing to grow and hire new employees around the world."NOW WATCH: We drove a brand-new Tesla Model X from San Francisco to New York — here's what happenedSee Also:SEE ALSO: Scores of Tesla employees fired just as the Model 3 ramp-up gets underwayFOLLOW US: on Facebook for more car and transportation content!

http://247wallst.com/autos/2017/10/25/tesla-firings-to-continue-until-morale-improves/


By Paul Ausick October 25, 2017 1:00 pm EDT

Earlier this month, Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ: TSLA) announced plans to fire 250 employees at its Sacramento SolarCity office. But that does not appear to be the end of the story.A report at CNBC today cites former employees who wish to remain anonymous who say the firings are continuing at SolarCity locations in Nevada, Arizona and Utah, as well as in California. The former employees estimate that 1,200 people have been let go, not including previously announced layoffs at both Tesla’s auto assembly plant and SolarCity.Tesla has not confirmed how many employees have been fired, but current and former employees estimated that 400 to 700 workers at the company’s auto assembly plant were fired following annual performance reviews. That estimate was made two weeks ago following Tesla’s recall of 11,000 Model X SUVs to fix an issue related to the vehicle’s rear seat failing to lock in place.Wednesday’s story did not generate a comment from Tesla, which referred to its statement issued earlier this month:Like all companies, Tesla conducts an annual performance review during which a manager and employee discuss the results that were achieved, as well as how those results were achieved, during the performance period. This includes both constructive feedback and recognition of top performers with additional compensation and equity awards, as well as promotions in many cases. As with any company, especially one of over 33,000 employees, performance reviews also occasionally result in employee departures. Tesla is continuing to grow and hire new employees around the world.Former SolarCity employees said there were “surprised” at the statement because Tesla has not conducted performance reviews with SolarCity employees since acquiring the company late last year.It’s no secret that Tesla needs cash. The company issued $1.8 billion in junk bonds in mid-August to help finance the ramp-up of production for the company’s new Model 3 sedan.The company reported $3.04 billion in cash and equivalents at the end of the second quarter and $7.12 billion in long-term debt and $2.26 billion in other long-term liabilities. Since December, Tesla has burned through more than $350 million in cash and the spending on ramping up Model 3 production is just beginning.Firing employees is a time-tested way for companies to cut costs, and if the reports of additional firings at SolarCity are true, Tesla appears to be following accepted practice.Add to that a late September ruling by the U.S. International Trade Commission that could raise the price of solar modules and threaten SolarCity’s installation business and the case for cutting SolarCity’s workforce gets stronger.According to CNBC, the separation agreements force former employees to sign away their rights to sue the company and accept arbitration if they want to receive their two-week severance pay.By Paul Ausick

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/10/27/how-to-trade-these-stock-after-an-unavoidable-selloff-tesla-inc-tsla-first-republic-bank-frc/

Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) market capitalization at present is $55.49B at the rate of $326.17 a share. The firm’s price-to-sales ratio was noted 0.00 in contrast with an overall industry average of 89.51. Most of the active traders and investors are keen to find ways to compare the value of stocks. The price-to-sales ratio offers a simple approach in this case. They just need to take the company’s market capitalization and divide it by the company’s total sales over the past 12 months. The lesser the ratio, the more attractive the investment. During the key period of last 5 years, Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) sales have annually surged 102.80% on average, however its earnings per share growth remained at -13.10%.How Company Returns Shareholder’s Value?Dividends is a reward scheme, that a company presents to its shareholders. There can be various forms of dividends, such as cash payment, stocks or any other form. This payment is usually a part of the profit of the company. A company’s dividend is mostly determined by its board of directors and it requires the shareholders’ approval. Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) for the trailing twelve months paying dividend with the payout ratio of -% to its shareholders. Currently it is offering a dividend yield of -% and a 5 year dividend growth rate of -%. Over the last year Company’s shares have been trading in the range of $178.19 and $389.61. However yesterday the stock remained in between $323.20 and $330.23. The stock is above its 52-week low with 83.05% and is in the wake of its 52-week high with -16.28%.
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Performance & TechnicalitiesIn the latest week Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) stock volatility was recorded 3.10% which for the previous full month was noted 2.54%. Meanwhile the stock weekly performance was subdued at -7.29%, which was down for the month at -4.34%. Likewise, the downbeat performance for the last quarter was -2.66% and for the full year it was 61.28%. Moreover the Company’s Year To Date performance was 52.64%. Now a days one of the fundamental indicator used in the technical analysis is called Stochastic %D”, Stochastic indicator was created by George Lane. The stochastic is a momentum indicator comparing the closing price of a security to the range of its prices over a fix period of time. The gauge is based on the assumption that if price surges, the closing price tends towards the values that belong to the upper part of the area of price movements in the preceding period. On the other hand if price drops, the contrary is right. For Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA), Stochastic %D value stayed at 4.67% for the last 9 days. Considering more the value stands at 9.06% and 17.34% for 14 and 20 days, in that order.First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC) closed at $99.57 a share in the latest session and the stock value rose almost 8.06% since the beginning of this year. The company has managed to keep price to sales ratio of 0.00 against an industry average of 89.51. The price to sales ratio is the ratio of the market value of equity to the sales. This ratio is internally not steady, since the market value of equity is divided by the total revenues of the firm. Its revenue stood at 10.90% a year on average in the period of last five years. Firm’s net income measured an average growth rate of 8.00%. Following last close company’s stock, is 0.57% above their SMA 50 and -5.64% below the 52-week high. A simple moving average (SMA) is an mathematical moving average calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods and then dividing this total by the number of time periods. Its most recent closing price has a distance of -1.79% from SMA20 and is 3.11% above than SMA200.In-Depth Technical StudyInvestors generally keep an extensive variety of technical indicators at their disposal for completing technical stock analysis. The average true range is a moving average, generally 14 days, of the true ranges.The average true range (ATR) was fashioned to allow traders to more precisely evaluate the daily volatility of an asset by using straightforward calculations. However the indicator does not specify the price direction, rather it is used first and foremost to measure volatility caused by gaps and limit up or down moves. The ATR is fairly simple to calculate and only needs historical price data.ATR is counted for different periods, like 9-day, 14-day, 20-day, 50-day and 100-day. At the moment, the 14-day ATR for First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC) is noted at 1.84.

https://news4j.com/2017/10/28/determining-the-stand-point-of-tesla-inc-nasdaqtsla/


Helme Dicosta 
4 hours ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
When looking for the right stock to invest in, there are many different aspects you have to observe. It is typically broken down between fundamental analysis and technical analysis, with fundamental analysis checking the engine of the company so to speak and technical analysis looking at the chart. Both are equally important and should complement each other. With that said, let us dive into Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA).Fundamental AnalysisTesla, Inc. is located in USA and operates within the Consumer Goods sector. When looking at Tesla, Inc., the first item you can quickly note is the *TBA, which will give you a multiple that can be use to compare Tesla, Inc. against others in the Auto Manufacturers – Major or Consumer Goods. Taking a step further, the *TBA will indicate how the company is expected to do going forward. This number should be growing and increasing with steadiness, showing the company can progress reliably. The current ESP growth this year comes in at 32.50%, supporting the *TBA number. The current dividend yield is *TBA, indicating the amount of return you will receive independent of how the company does. In order for Tesla, Inc. to pay dividends, they need to have healthy cash flow, which currently sits at *TBA. Sales growth quarter over quarter is 119.70%, indicating how the company may progress for the next quarter. Not only is it important to look at the fundamentals, you want to see how many people inside the company own the stock, meaning their values are aligned with what the investors are expecting. Current inside ownership is , giving you an idea of how much skin the executives have in the game. Instituational ownership is important too, as it can indicate larger banks have confidence in the company. The current institutional ownership is . Technical Analysis Now that you have insight into the fundamentals of Tesla, Inc., begin taking a look at the technical patterns of the stock chart. The year to date performance of the company is 52.64% with the 52-week high being -16.28% and the 52-week low being 83.05%. Comparing that to the 200-day simple moving average of 3.12%, we can see where the stock relatively speaking. The average volume of the stock is 5789.47, indicating how often it is traded, which can ultimately affect volatility. Monthly volatility is 2.54% and that can impact the overall risk of your portfolio. For those of you who are trading Tesla, Inc., the weekly volatility is 3.10% and performance for the week is -7.29%. Lastly, a widely used data point that has multiple ways of being calculated is target price. For long term investors, the current target price is 330.8, giving you growth from the current price of $326.17. Combining the two types of research and analysis will give you a well rounded idea of how Tesla, Inc. may perform into the future. You want to ensure that the current return on equity of -17.50% is going to be enough, ensuring your investment is worth the time. Don’t forget to ensure the company can pay its debts by looking at the current ration, which currently is 1, and the quick ration, which currently sits at 0.6. There are many factors to see and review, but zone in on which ones are for you and compile your own unique research points. Whether or not Tesla, Inc. fits your portfolio, at the very least you will have a greater understanding of the Consumer Goods and Auto Manufacturers – Major.Tags (NASDAQ:TSLA) Inc. NASDAQ Tesla TSLA USA4 hours ago4 hours ago4 hours agoYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  



