https://www.streetinsider.com/Corporate%2BNews/Amazon%2B%2528AMZN%2529%2BReports%2BRecord%2BHoliday%2BShopping%2BWeekend%2Bfor%2BAmazon%2BDevices/13545047.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/monday-vital-data-amazon-com-inc-amzn-macys-inc-m-and-qualcomm-inc-qcom/

U.S. stock futures are rising heading into the open, as Wall Street returns from the Thanksgiving holiday weekend. Retailers remain in focus, as Black Friday numbers roll in amid a fresh influx of shopping on Cyber Monday. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Macy’s Inc (NYSE:M) both continue to grab headlines this morning. At last check, Dow Jones Industrial Average futures were up 0.03%, while S&P 500 futures had gained 0.02% and Nasdaq-100 futures were off 0.07%. On the options front, volume was nearly non-existent on Friday (yes, the market was open). Overall, only about 9.2 million calls and 6.6 million puts changed hands. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio rose to 0.62, while the 10-day moving average hit a two-week low of 0.63. Diving into Friday’s options activity, Amazon was front and center amid retailers attracting Black Friday call options activity due to reports that holiday shoppers were on track to spend more this year than in previous shopping seasons. Macy’s was also a subject of options speculation, as analysts projected a strong performance based on a beefed up online shopping platform. Finally, Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) was in focus after reports surfaced that Broadcom Ltd (NASDAQ:AVGO) was considering boosting its takeover bid for the chipmaker.  According to Adobe Analytics, Black Friday sales are expected to have hit a record high $5 billion this year, with another $6.6 billion for online retailers on Cyber Monday. AMZN stock rallied more than 2.5% on Friday following the reports, albeit amid light holiday volume. Still, Amazon stock is still rising this morning, gaining half-a-percent in premarket activity. Amazon has dominated the retail space in recent years, especially on Black Friday and Cyber Monday, due to the convenience of shopping from home in your pajamas — it’s what I did this year, and one of the major reasons I’m bullish long-term on AMZN stock. AMZN options traders rallied behind Amazon’s continued retail dominance on Friday, with volume jumping to over 214,000 contracts, or nearly double the stock’s daily average despite an extremely light trading session. Calls made up 57% of the day’s take, which is above average daily call activity for AMZN stock during the past month. Short-term expectations through December expiration are not quite as bullish, however. The December put/call open interest ratio comes in at 1.35, with puts easily outnumbering calls among front-month options. This negativity is understandable with the shares trading near all-time highs, but these bears may get burned as AMZN rallies through the holiday season. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/monday-vital-data-amazon-com-inc-amzn-macys-inc-m-and-qualcomm-inc-qcom/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazon-amzn-leading-record-breaking-start-to-holiday-season-cm882454

 The holiday season has started off on a solid note this year. With retailers offering hefty discounts, online sales during Thanksgiving and Black Friday hit all-time highs. Per GBH Insights, the retailer Amazon.com Inc. AMZN  dominated online sales during Black Friday and accounted for 45-50% sales. The company raked in more than $1 billion sales in just 24 hours. Amazon stated that on Thanksgiving day, orders via mobiles increased more than 50% than the year-ago period.   A Look at the Sales Figures  According to Adobe Analytics, U.S. retailers garnered $7.9 billion from Thanksgiving and Black Friday sales, up 17.9% year over year. While Thanksgiving sales increased 18.3% year over year to $2.9 billion, Black Friday sales increased 16.9% to $5 billion. Further, Adobe expects Cyber Monday to be the biggest ever U.S. online shopping day with roughly $6.6 billion of sales. Per commerce marketing firm Criteo, purchases through mobile phones accounted for 40% of sales during Black Friday, up from 29% last year. The figure for Thanksgiving day was 46%, reflecting a 15% year-over-year increase, per Adobe. According to retail analysts and consultants, laptops, toys TVs and gaming consoles, especially PlayStation 4 were among the heavily discounted as well as best-selling products.  makeArticleAd(); Why is Amazon Stealing the Show?  Amazon offers around 480 million products of various brands, categories, genres and prices. Around 50 million products qualify for free two-day shipping to Prime members. Moreover, Prime Air, Trucks, pickup locations and artificial intelligence are all driving efficient logistics at Amazon. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is also part of this.  Amazon.com, Inc. Net Income (TTM)         Amazon.com, Inc. Net Income (TTM)    |      Amazon.com, Inc. Quote   Most importantly, the Whole Foods acquisition is helping Amazon to deliver a great omnichannel experience and tap the growing number of online grocery shoppers. Shares of the Zacks Rank 3 (Hold) company have rallied 58.1% year to date, significantly outperforming the S&P 500's 16.7% gain.     You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here  .  Amazon leaves no stone unturned to understand the evolving customer pattern. In this regard, the company has been accumulating data over the years to keep a tab on customers. It is therefore well positioned to cross promote products, drive deals on its platform, sell more Prime subscriptions and increase sales.  Performance of Other Retailers  In anticipation of a decline in footfall at brick-and-mortar stores, traditional retailers have been enhancing their websites, tightening inventories and ramping up delivery options. Interestingly their efforts have paid off well. Kohl's KSS  declared that it had a "record-breaking" Thanksgiving day sales, both offline and online, with more than 126 million visits to kohls.com. On Black Friday, online orders that were picked up in stores, increased 40% year over year. J. C. Penney JCP  also witnessed a double-digit increase in traffic on jcp.com last week. On Thanksgiving Day, it received the largest number of visits. Macy's M  is said to have sold more than 1 million coats, fleece jackets and sweaters by the end of the week. According to retail research firm ShopperTrak, store traffic fell less than 1% on Black Friday, narrower than industry predictions. The National Retail Federation forecasted a strong holiday sale this year and we will have a clearer picture when it releases Thanksgiving, Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales numbers on Nov 28.  What's Driving the Wheel?  Consumers are looking at convenience factors more than ever this year. Lower-priced goods, free shipping and product availability are the primary factors driving online shopping this season. Strong economic indicators like record job data and declining unemployment rate are encouraging shoppers to spend more online. Per the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the domestic economy generated 261,000 new jobs in October, the highest so far in 2017. Also, the unemployment rate of 4.1% in the month is the lowest this year. Impressive third-quarter results and record quarterly GDP numbers reflect the economy's financial strength. Additionally, personal income increased by $66.9 billion or 0.4% in September, while disposable personal income that measures the total amount of money available for use after taxes rose by $73.6 billion, or 2.1%, in the third quarter, according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis.  Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric   Cars?  Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.   It's not the one you think.   See This Ticker Free >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report   Macy's Inc (M): Free Stock Analysis Report   J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Holding Company (JCP): Free Stock Analysis Report   Kohl's Corporation (KSS): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research  The holiday season has started off on a solid note this year. With retailers offering hefty discounts, online sales during Thanksgiving and Black Friday hit all-time highs. Per GBH Insights, the retailer Amazon.com Inc. AMZN  dominated online sales during Black Friday and accounted for 45-50% sales. The company raked in more than $1 billion sales in just 24 hours. Amazon stated that on Thanksgiving day, orders via mobiles increased more than 50% than the year-ago period.   A Look at the Sales Figures  According to Adobe Analytics, U.S. retailers garnered $7.9 billion from Thanksgiving and Black Friday sales, up 17.9% year over year. While Thanksgiving sales increased 18.3% year over year to $2.9 billion, Black Friday sales increased 16.9% to $5 billion. Further, Adobe expects Cyber Monday to be the biggest ever U.S. online shopping day with roughly $6.6 billion of sales. Per commerce marketing firm Criteo, purchases through mobile phones accounted for 40% of sales during Black Friday, up from 29% last year. The figure for Thanksgiving day was 46%, reflecting a 15% year-over-year increase, per Adobe. According to retail analysts and consultants, laptops, toys TVs and gaming consoles, especially PlayStation 4 were among the heavily discounted as well as best-selling products.  makeArticleAd(); Why is Amazon Stealing the Show?  Amazon offers around 480 million products of various brands, categories, genres and prices. Around 50 million products qualify for free two-day shipping to Prime members. Moreover, Prime Air, Trucks, pickup locations and artificial intelligence are all driving efficient logistics at Amazon. Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is also part of this.  Amazon.com, Inc. Net Income (TTM)         Amazon.com, Inc. Net Income (TTM)    |      Amazon.com, Inc. Quote         Amazon.com, Inc. Net Income (TTM)    |      Amazon.com, Inc. Quote  Most importantly, the Whole Foods acquisition is helping Amazon to deliver a great omnichannel experience and tap the growing number of online grocery shoppers. Shares of the Zacks Rank 3 (Hold) company have rallied 58.1% year to date, significantly outperforming the S&P 500's 16.7% gain.     You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here  .  Amazon leaves no stone unturned to understand the evolving customer pattern. In this regard, the company has been accumulating data over the years to keep a tab on customers. It is therefore well positioned to cross promote products, drive deals on its platform, sell more Prime subscriptions and increase sales.  Performance of Other Retailers  In anticipation of a decline in footfall at brick-and-mortar stores, traditional retailers have been enhancing their websites, tightening inventories and ramping up delivery options. Interestingly their efforts have paid off well. Kohl's KSS  declared that it had a "record-breaking" Thanksgiving day sales, both offline and online, with more than 126 million visits to kohls.com. On Black Friday, online orders that were picked up in stores, increased 40% year over year. J. C. Penney JCP  also witnessed a double-digit increase in traffic on jcp.com last week. On Thanksgiving Day, it received the largest number of visits. Macy's M  is said to have sold more than 1 million coats, fleece jackets and sweaters by the end of the week. According to retail research firm ShopperTrak, store traffic fell less than 1% on Black Friday, narrower than industry predictions. The National Retail Federation forecasted a strong holiday sale this year and we will have a clearer picture when it releases Thanksgiving, Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales numbers on Nov 28.  What's Driving the Wheel?  Consumers are looking at convenience factors more than ever this year. Lower-priced goods, free shipping and product availability are the primary factors driving online shopping this season. Strong economic indicators like record job data and declining unemployment rate are encouraging shoppers to spend more online. Per the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the domestic economy generated 261,000 new jobs in October, the highest so far in 2017. Also, the unemployment rate of 4.1% in the month is the lowest this year. Impressive third-quarter results and record quarterly GDP numbers reflect the economy's financial strength. Additionally, personal income increased by $66.9 billion or 0.4% in September, while disposable personal income that measures the total amount of money available for use after taxes rose by $73.6 billion, or 2.1%, in the third quarter, according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis.  Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric   Cars?  Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.   It's not the one you think.   See This Ticker Free >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3314375-wal-mart-closing-amazon

Seeking to regain its "low price leader" title, Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) is now within striking distance of matching Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) for the first time. Prices at Walmart.com are now only 0.3% more expensive than Amazon.com on average, according to a study by Market Track, which analyzed prices of 213 products in 11 categories over a period of 700 days ending Nov. 7. Now read: Wal-Mart: Stay Strong Or Take Profits? » 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/monday-vital-data-amazon-com-inc-amzn-macys-inc-m-and-qualcomm-inc-qcom/

U.S. stock futures are rising heading into the open, as Wall Street returns from the Thanksgiving holiday weekend. Retailers remain in focus, as Black Friday numbers roll in amid a fresh influx of shopping on Cyber Monday. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Macy’s Inc (NYSE:M) both continue to grab headlines this morning. At last check, Dow Jones Industrial Average futures were up 0.03%, while S&P 500 futures had gained 0.02% and Nasdaq-100 futures were off 0.07%. On the options front, volume was nearly non-existent on Friday (yes, the market was open). Overall, only about 9.2 million calls and 6.6 million puts changed hands. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio rose to 0.62, while the 10-day moving average hit a two-week low of 0.63. Diving into Friday’s options activity, Amazon was front and center amid retailers attracting Black Friday call options activity due to reports that holiday shoppers were on track to spend more this year than in previous shopping seasons. Macy’s was also a subject of options speculation, as analysts projected a strong performance based on a beefed up online shopping platform. Finally, Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) was in focus after reports surfaced that Broadcom Ltd (NASDAQ:AVGO) was considering boosting its takeover bid for the chipmaker.  According to Adobe Analytics, Black Friday sales are expected to have hit a record high $5 billion this year, with another $6.6 billion for online retailers on Cyber Monday. AMZN stock rallied more than 2.5% on Friday following the reports, albeit amid light holiday volume. Still, Amazon stock is still rising this morning, gaining half-a-percent in premarket activity. Amazon has dominated the retail space in recent years, especially on Black Friday and Cyber Monday, due to the convenience of shopping from home in your pajamas — it’s what I did this year, and one of the major reasons I’m bullish long-term on AMZN stock. AMZN options traders rallied behind Amazon’s continued retail dominance on Friday, with volume jumping to over 214,000 contracts, or nearly double the stock’s daily average despite an extremely light trading session. Calls made up 57% of the day’s take, which is above average daily call activity for AMZN stock during the past month. Short-term expectations through December expiration are not quite as bullish, however. The December put/call open interest ratio comes in at 1.35, with puts easily outnumbering calls among front-month options. This negativity is understandable with the shares trading near all-time highs, but these bears may get burned as AMZN rallies through the holiday season. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/monday-vital-data-amazon-com-inc-amzn-macys-inc-m-and-qualcomm-inc-qcom/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/Amazon.com%2B%2528AMZN%2529%2BPT%2BRaised%2Bto%2BStreet%2BHigh%2B%25241%252C450%2Bat%2BGoldman%2BSachs%2Binto%2BAWS%2BConference/13544123.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/27/should-investors-take-a-bite-out-of-amazon-com-inc-amzn-2/

Investors have been carefully witnessing the recent activity of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) stock. At the end of the day, it’s only a stock’s performance that matters. With this in mind, it’s worth taking a look at the chart to get a sense of where it might be headed in the future. How has the stock performed recently? Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) in the last month has increased +21.96%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and outperformed a peer group of similar companies by 75%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $1186.00, AMZN sits below its 52-week high. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) has been trading in a bullish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that AMZN may be headed in the future. To do this, analysts often study the speed and magnitude of a stock’s price movements with what are known as momentum indicators. The logic is that as a stock’s momentum slows, it may be nearing key support or resistance levels and possibly the end of a current trend. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for AMZN is 75.44%, which suggests that the stock may be primed for a trend reversal or a corrective pullback in price. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 98.37%, tells a similar story, and suggests that AMZN currently trades in overbought territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? Volume patterns can also be useful for predicting future performance. When trading activity is abnormally high, it’s often a sign that the market feels particularly strong in one way or another about the future direction of a stock. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) average trading volume of 3,937,446 during the past month is 13.37% above its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been more active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? AMZN is currently undervalued by -3.37% relative to the average 1-year price target of $1227.32 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 1.80, which implies that analysts are generally bullish in their outlook for AMZN over the next year. How risky is the stock?  Absolute price performance isn’t the only thing analysts consider when predicting future performance: volatility matters as well. Beta, which measures the stock’s volatility relative to the overall market, is a simple but effective metric for assessing risk. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) has a beta of 1.47, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are more extreme than the market as a whole. AMZN therefore has a above average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, AMZN average daily volatility was 14.03%, which is 12.3 percentage points lower than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/27/drilling-down-into-amazon-com-inc-amzn-4/

Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Catalog & Mail Order Houses. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $1186.00, up from yesterday’s close by 2.58%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis Does this stock stack up well when compared to its peers in the industry space? Let’s take a look. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) currently trades with a market capitalization of $557.12 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 33.72 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For AMZN, the company currently has $12.77 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $6.58 Billion current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $7.72 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to fall in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $1.84 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 61.96% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis Sometimes, we can understand most about a stock by simply looking at how it has been trading. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Amazon.com, Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $1160.27. It is now trading -25.73% off that level. The stock is trading $1,035.90 its 50-day moving average by -1185%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $736.70. In recent action, Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) has made a move of +21.96% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 17.96, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 1.47% with $402.35 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of AMZN. 

https://bzweekly.com/greenbrier-partners-capital-management-llc-has-boosted-amazon-com-inc-amzn-holding-by-4-84-million-valuation-rose/



					

						November 28, 2017 - By Adrian Mccoy
 Investors sentiment decreased to 1.36 in Q2 2017. Its down 0.34, from 1.7 in 2017Q1. It fall, as 64 investors sold AMZN shares while 542 reduced holdings. 153 funds opened positions while 670 raised stakes. 285.20 million shares or 2.71% less from 293.14 million shares in 2017Q1 were reported. Guyasuta Investment Inc reported 0.07% in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Richard Bernstein Advsr Lc holds 0.94% in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) or 12,759 shares. Lucas Cap Mgmt has 3,459 shares for 2.42% of their portfolio. Chase Inv Counsel Corp holds 3.47% or 7,373 shares. Nippon Life Global Invsts Americas owns 33,040 shares. Welch Grp Lc, a Alabama-based fund reported 314 shares. Shelton Cap has invested 1.84% of its portfolio in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). 216 were accumulated by Intersect Capital. Ssi Mgmt holds 0.09% or 994 shares. Jbf Capital reported 2.09% of its portfolio in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Norris Perne & French Limited Liability Partnership Mi has 5,682 shares for 0.92% of their portfolio. Wills Grp Inc Inc, a Virginia-based fund reported 425 shares. Oregon Employees Retirement Fund has invested 0.68% in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Suntrust Banks has invested 0.32% in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Fukoku Mutual Life has 3,005 shares for 0.43% of their portfolio. Since May 30, 2017, it had 0 buys, and 1 insider sale for $2.70 million activity. On Tuesday, May 30 the insider ALBERG TOM A sold $800,000. Greenbrier Partners Capital Management Llc increased its stake in Amazon Com Inc (AMZN) by 20% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC. Greenbrier Partners Capital Management Llc bought 5,000 shares as the company’s stock rose 13.58% with the market. The hedge fund held 30,000 shares of the consumer services company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $29.04M, up from 25,000 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Greenbrier Partners Capital Management Llc who had been investing in Amazon Com Inc for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $576.24 billion market cap company. The stock increased 0.83% or $9.83 during the last trading session, reaching $1195.83. About 417 shares traded. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) has risen 37.41% since November 28, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 20.71% the S&P500.
 Greenbrier Partners Capital Management Llc increased its stake in Amazon Com Inc (AMZN) by 20% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC. Greenbrier Partners Capital Management Llc bought 5,000 shares as the company’s stock rose 13.58% with the market. The hedge fund held 30,000 shares of the consumer services company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $29.04M, up from 25,000 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Greenbrier Partners Capital Management Llc who had been investing in Amazon Com Inc for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $576.24 billion market cap company. The stock increased 0.83% or $9.83 during the last trading session, reaching $1195.83. About 417 shares traded. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) has risen 37.41% since November 28, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 20.71% the S&P500. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/what-amazon-com-inc-amzn-stock-think-possible-purchases/

Source: Shutterstock When Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) bought struggling Whole Foods Market, it sent shockwaves through the markets. Everything from grocery stocks to dollar stores temporarily fell, while AMZN stock just keep moving higher. Whole Foods was a strategic move for Amazon in that it created certain synergies with Amazon’s existing and future business plans, and would only benefit AMZN stock. Which raises the question – who’s next? There are several struggling companies out there that Amazon could scoop up with very little expense on its part. The first that comes to mind is Rite Aid Corporation (NYSE:RAD). We already know that Rite Aid sold off almost 2,000 stores. However, it still has some 2,500 stores remaining and a pharmacy benefit management business. There has been speculation that pharmacy benefit management would be the next move for AMZN stock. So many pharmacies and Obamacare plans are on the 90-day maintenance medication model, in which orders are placed online and delivered. This fits right into Amazon’s world. But to do this, Amazon must obtain state pharmacy licenses as well as the infrastructure to sell drugs in a manner approved by the federal government. Why reinvent the wheel when it can be purchased? By purchasing Rite Aid, Amazon would instantly have 19 state licenses, the infrastructure therein, and 2,500 stores in its pocket, along with six distribution centers. There’s even more synergy. Those 2,500 stores could now become Amazon locker locations, as well as a place for returns. Amazon could pay the $6-10 billion for Rite Aid, including debt, from the $24 billion cash hoard it has; draw down more debt to fund it; or buy RAD stock using AMZN stock. Another rumor floating around is that Amazon might buy Macy’s, Inc. (NYSE:M). The general idea is that Macy’s is a retailer, just like Amazon, and it skews toward older people. Thus, Amazon would increase its demographic exposure. Second, Macy’s has hidden value in its real estate and can serve as more warehouse and same-day pickup space. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/what-amazon-com-inc-amzn-stock-think-possible-purchases/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

