https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/27/just-the-facts-on-netflix-inc-nflx-9/

Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on CATV Systems. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $195.75, down from yesterday’s close by -0.29%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis This company has been competing with others in the Services space and offers its own combination of interesting factors Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) currently trades with a market capitalization of $84.95 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 30.33 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For NFLX, the company currently has $1.75 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $-2.07 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.42 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 86.66% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis Sometimes, we can understand most about a stock by simply looking at how it has been trading. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Netflix, Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $204.38. It is now trading 8.63% off that level. The stock is trading $192.40 its 50-day moving average by -3.35%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $113.95. In recent action, Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) has made a move of +0.28% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 17.96, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 6.36% with $424.92 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of NFLX. 

http://theriponadvance.com/analysts-ratings-for-netflix-inc-nflx-5/121138924/

Trading Statistics: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) closed its previous trading session at $195.05 with the loss of -0.36%. The company’s market cap is $84.65 Billion, and the average volume is 6.68 Million. The Price to Sales (P/S) ratio of the stock is 7.78, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 25.33. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 1.19% whereas Month Volatility is at 1.71%. Earnings Forecast: An earnings forecast is an analyst’s outlook for a company’s future quarterly or annual earnings. Future earnings predictions are perhaps the most essential input when trying to value a company. 34 analysts on average are expecting Netflix, Inc. to report earnings of $0.41 per share for the current quarter. The Lower end of the earnings estimate is $0.4, while the higher end of the earnings estimate is $0.45. Comparatively, NFLX posted earnings of $0.3 per share in the same quarter, a year earlier. Revenue Forecast: Analysts’ ultimate objective when projecting revenue is to determine the appropriate value for a stock. 33 analysts on average are expecting the company to report revenue of $3.28 Billion for the current quarter. The Higher end of the revenue forecast is $3.36 Billion, while the Lower end of the forecast is $3.24 Billion. NFLX generated revenue of $2.94 Billion in the same quarter, one year ago. Price Target Estimates: Price targets show what analysts believes a stock will be worth at the end of a certain time period. Price Target plays a critical role when it comes to the analysis of a Stock. Analysts on average have given a price target of $213.84 to Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) stock. (According to data compiled by finviz) Simple Moving Average Analysis: Moving average is significant analytical tool used to discover current price trends and the possibility for a change in an established trend. Simple moving average analysis helps investors to quickly identify if a security is in an uptrend or downtrend. According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at -0.59 percent, SMA50 is 1.38 percent, while SMA200 is 17.18 percent. Return on Assets (ROA) Analysis: ROA ratio indicates how profitable a company is relative to its total assets. The return on assets ratio shows how well management is employing the company’s total assets to make a profit. The bigger the return, the more efficient management is in utilizing its asset base. The ROA ratio is calculated by comparing net income to average total assets, and is expressed as a percentage. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) currently has a Return on Assets (ROA) value of 2.9 Percent. Return on Investment (ROI) Analysis: Return on Investment measures the amount of return on an investment relative to the investment’s cost. The Return on Investment (ROI) ratio of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) is 5 percent. Return on Equity (ROE) Analysis: ROE ratio is a measure of profitability which calculates how much dollars of profit a firm makes with every dollar of stakeholder’s equity. An increasing ROE indicates that a company is improving its ability to make profit without requiring as much capital. Usually, the ROE ratio’s between 12-15 percent are considered desirable. The Return on Equity ratio of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) is 14.6 percent, according to data compiled by Finviz Analysts Ratings: A stock rating usually tells investors how well a stock’s market value relates to what analysts think is a fair value for the stock, based on an independent evaluation of the company. According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Finviz, the company has a consensus recommendation of 2.2 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Buy and 5 means Sell. Analyst Recommendation And Revisions: Netflix, Inc. was covered by a number of analysts recently, 14 rated the stock as Buy, 15 rated Hold, 1 rated sell and 1 gave an Underperform. Stock Price Analysis: The purpose of a stock price analysis is to study the behaviour of stock prices. It helps investors in determining whether buying, selling or holding on to a stock would be beneficial for them. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) stock price rose 66.13 percent over the past one year, while increased 19.5 percent during the past 6 months. The stock plummeted -0.08 percent over the past month and rose 57.55 percent year-to-date. The stock’s quarterly performance represents optimistic momentum of 16.71 percent. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

http://financialqz.com/2017/11/28/netflix-inc-nflx-consensus-estimates-and-trading-data/

In the past 52-week period, shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) have moved within the range of $113.95 to $204.38. On the stock’s most recent trading day, the company’s shares ended the regular session at $195.05, which is 4.57% lower than its 52-week high.  Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) has demonstrated a 20-day simple moving average (SMA) of -0.59%, and a 50-day SMA of 1.38%. This public company’s current market capitalization stands at $84.65 billion.  Gauging the level of enthusiasm that Wall Street analysts have for a particular stock is important when considering an investment. According to the latest data, the consensus recommendation for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) is Outperform.  When it comes to reporting sales figures, public companies typically post earnings and revenue that fall above or below the average Wall Street forecast. In the most recent quarterly financial report, for the quarter ending Sep. 2017, Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) delivered a 0.35% surprise with its net revenue. Sales reached $2.98 billion during the three-month period, compared to the average analyst estimate of $2.97 billion.  Meanwhile, during the same quarter Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) delivered a 9.46% earnings surprise. Net earnings for the quarter were posted at $0.29 per share, whereas Wall Street had forecast $0.32 per share.  A publicly-traded company’s most recent 13F filings give us important details about the organization’s institutional ownership. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) has 0 billion shares outstanding currently, 84.28% of which belong to institutional investors. Those institutional holdings amount to $71.39 billion.  Additionally, according to the most recent 13F filing from Netflix, Inc. (NFLX), there were 127 new positions totaling 6,472,280 shares of the company’s stock. There were 60 sold out positions, on the other hand, totaling 1,534,634 shares.  Taking a look at a stock’s average volume – in the long, medium and short terms – is helpful for understanding investor sentiment and trading activity. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) has had a 20-day average volume of 4,706,965 shares, with an average of 20% of short term indicators pointed at Sell.  The stock’s 50-day average volume has been 6,968,032 shares, with an average of 25% of medium term indicators pointing toward Buy. Finally, its 100-day average volume is 7,109,258 shares with 67% of long-term indicators pointing to Buy. 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/Roku%2BInc.%2B%2528ROKU%2529%2BPT%2BRaised%2Bto%2B%252450%2Bat%2BNeedham%2B%2526%2BCompany%253B%2BCompares%2Bto%2BNetflix/13540012.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

http://host.madison.com/business/investment/markets-and-stocks/roku-inc-stock-soars-on-specious-netflix-comparison/article_f7bbcd95-e0ba-5a26-baed-d748bd97d476.html

Roku (NASDAQ: ROKU) had a pretty great Cyber Monday, although it had nothing to do with shopping. Shares booked gains of 18% today thanks in large part to a bullish analyst note. Needham analyst Laura Martin nearly doubled her price target on Roku, from $28 to $50, while maintaining a buy rating. Martin cites Roku's valuation, strategic position, active account growth, monetization gains, and growing moat as the basis for the price-target boost. It's absolutely true that Roku is executing incredibly well right now in its ongoing transition to becoming a platform company, with active accounts and average revenue per user (ARPU) all marching higher, but there's a pretty glaring hole in the analyst's rationale: a specious comparison to Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX). Image source: Roku. Netflix has been the greatest beneficiary of cord-cutting and the rise of over-the-top (OTT) streaming services. Netflix is effectively the poster child for OTT services. Martin considers Roku to be a pure-play on OTT, much like Netflix is. However, both companies being pure plays on OTT is where the comparison should end, as they are vastly different companies in terms of their business models, operations, and strategies. Roku doesn't own any of the content it distributes, which Martin considers a benefit because it precludes the risk that any of that content will flop, wasting the money that was invested in creating it. As other content providers and tech giants continue to explore creating their own streaming services beyond Netflix (most notably Disney), that content could potentially bolster Roku's platform if those other parties choose to bring their services to Roku. Netflix is the dominant streaming service that is increasingly focused on original content, while Roku is a neutral third-party platform focused on content distribution. It's also worth remembering that Netflix represents about a third of all hours streamed on Roku, and Netflix's contribution to Roku's top line is "not material" and is not expected to be material "for the foreseeable future." When gauging the success of Roku's platform, investors should effectively back out Netflix's sizable proportion of hours streamed, as those hours don't contribute to the business in any meaningful way. Acknowledging the dramatic differences between Roku and Netflix is important because then Martin's valuation argument falls apart. Roku shares are incredibly expensive right now for a company that still relies heavily on hardware sales. Those valuation multiples are somewhat justified by the aforementioned emphasis on the platform business, but it's still untenable to consider Roku cheap at 10.4 times sales. The only way to justify that notion is by comparing Roku's valuation to Netflix's valuation, which is even loftier by some (but not all) measures. If you don't think Roku should be directly compared to Netflix, then Roku shares still look awfully expensive and are pricing in flawless execution in growing the profitable platform business. Roku is undoubtedly executing well, but investors shouldn't assume it won't make mistakes along the way. 10 stocks we like better than Roku, Inc When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Roku, Inc wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 6, 2017 Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Netflix and DIS. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Netflix and DIS. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.  More from madison.com partners 

https://stocknews.com/news/roku-needham-co-raises-pt-to-50-from-28/

ROKU – Needham & Co. raises PT to $50 from $28. This new price target represents a 26.68% upside over the stock’s previous closing price of $39.47. Update: As of Nov. 27, 2017, this bullish analyst call has returned 17.86%. Streaming device maker Roku Inc (NASDAQ:ROKU) is the best way to play the over-the-top (OTT) streaming media revolution. That’s according to analysts at Needham & Co, which this morning boosted their price target on ROKU all the way to $50 from a prior level of $28. The firm said it made the move for the following reasons: 1) cheap valuation, 2) strong strategic position, 3) big active user growth, 4) expanding average revenue per user (ARPUs) and margins, and 5) rising competitive moats in the space. Like Netflix (NFLX), Needham views Roku as a pure-play stock to capitalize on over-the-top (OTT) TV-viewing growth, although unlike Netflix, Roku has no content risk since it’s simply a conduit through which all streaming services run. Recent announcements and press reports of several new competitors entering the streaming media space, including Disney, Amazon, and more will only help ROKU, but hurt NFLX, the analyst said. Based on strong third quarter active user and ARPU growth, plus expanding gross margins, Needham also raised its 2018 earnings estimates for the company, now  and now projecting ROKU will hit EBITDA breakeven in 3Q18, one quarter earlier than they previously expected. In summary, the firm believes Netflix is the best comp for Roku, noting that ROKU is materially cheaper. With a current market cap of $3.6 billion vss $85 billion for NFLX, ROKU also has more exit options, Needham said. Roku Inc shares rose $1.68 (+4.26%) in premarket trading Monday. Year-to-date, ROKU has gained 67.96%, versus a 18.14% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. ROKU currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of NR (Not Rated), and is ranked # of 28 stocks in the Technology – Hardware category. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/quant-score-keep-netflix-nflx-a-buy/

As one of the 568 companies in the GICS Consumer Discretionary sector Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) is a constituent of the 32 company Internet & Direct Marketing Retail GICS industry group within this sector. NFLX has a market value of $84.7 billion which is in the top decile in its industry group. Currently, the stock's Portfolio Grader ranking places it 6 among the 32 companies in this industry group, giving it a well above-average position; in the top quartile of the sector with a ranking of 92 among the 568 companies in the sector, and number 904 in the nearly 5,000 company Portfolio Grader universe. Portfolio Grader currently ranks NFLX as a Buy. With proprietary fundamental and quantitative analytical tools developed by Louis Navellier, this stock analytical tool assesses approximately 5,000 stocks weekly. NFLX has maintained this ranking for the last month. The Consumer Discretionary sector is ranked number 11 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it in the bottom quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Internet & Direct Marketing Retail industry group is ranked 49 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it below-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. NFLX has received above-average scores in 5 of the 8 fundamental areas appraised by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average grades in 3 of the areas used in the ranking of company stocks. NFLX's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are well above average.  Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with a ranking for earnings revisions that is much better than the industry average but rankings for earnings surprises and earnings momentum worse than average. NFLX's metric for return on equity is noticeably better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average.  Based on these fundamental scores, Netflix places in the top quartile of the industry group.  Portfolio Grader quantitatively measures NFLX's shares using the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score. This metric looks at NFLX's shares from the perspective of risk/reward. This exclusive scoring system weighs the relative value of the company's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, NFLX currently scores above-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/quant-score-keep-netflix-nflx-a-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/noteworthy-monday-option-activity-wynn-nflx-vfc-cm882712

Looking at  options trading  activity among components of the S&P 500 index, there is noteworthy activity today in Wynn Resorts Ltd (Symbol: WYNN), where a total volume of 13,458 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 1.3 million underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 84.1% of WYNN's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.6 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $165 strike call option expiring December 15, 2017  , with 3,400 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 340,000 underlying shares of WYNN. Below is a chart showing WYNN's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $165 strike highlighted in orange:       makeArticleAd();    Netflix Inc. (Symbol: NFLX) saw options trading volume of 39,669 contracts, representing approximately 4.0 million underlying shares or approximately 80.1% of NFLX's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 5.0 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $195 strike call option expiring December 01, 2017  , with 4,285 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 428,500 underlying shares of NFLX. Below is a chart showing NFLX's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $195 strike highlighted in orange:       And VF Corp. (Symbol: VFC) options are showing a volume of 13,295 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 1.3 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 69.1% of VFC's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.9 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $72.50 strike put option expiring January 19, 2018  , with 5,049 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 504,900 underlying shares of VFC. Below is a chart showing VFC's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $72.50 strike highlighted in orange:         For the various different available expirations for WYNN options  , NFLX options  , or VFC options  , visit StockOptionsChannel.com.   Today's Most Active Call & Put Options of the   S&P 500 »                       Today's Most Active Call & Put Options of the   S&P 500 »  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/28/netflix-inc-nflx-vs-discovery-communications-inc-disck-which-should-you-choose/

Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Discovery Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:DISCK) are both Services companies that recently hit new highs. Naturally, this has created a bit of a stir amongst investors. We will compare the two companies across various metrics including growth, profitability, risk, return, dividends, and valuation to determine if one is a better choice than the other. Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) operates in the CATV Systems segment of the Services sector. The company has grown sales at a 22.50% annual rate over the past five years, putting it in the high growth category. NFLX has a net profit margin of 4.00% and is more profitable than the average company in the CATV Systems industry. In terms of efficiency, NFLX has an asset turnover ratio of 0.71. This figure represents the amount of revenue a company generates per dollar of assets. NFLX’s financial leverage ratio is 4.09, which indicates that the company’s asset base is primarily funded by debt. Company’s return on equity, which is really just the product of the company’s profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage ratios, is 14.60%, which is worse than the CATV Systems industry average ROE. Stock’s free cash flow yield, which represents the amount of cash available to investors before dividends, expressed as a percentage of the stock price, is -0.52. Company trades at a P/E ratio of 197.42 , and is more expensive than the average stock in the CATV Systems industry. The average investment recommendation for NFLX, taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts, is 2.20, or a buy. Over the past three months, Netflix, Inc. insiders have been net buyers, dumping a net of -810,395 shares. This implies that insiders have been feeling relatively bearish about the outlook for NFLX. Insider activity and sentiment signals are important to monitor because they can shed light on how “risky” a stock is perceived to be at it’s current valuation. Knowing this, it makes sense to look at beta, a measure of market risk. NFLX has a beta of 1.40 and therefore an above average level of market volatility. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Discovery Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:DISCK) operates in the CATV Systems segment of the Services sector. The company trades at a free cash flow yield of 7.69 and has a P/E of 8.69. Compared to the average company in the 25.05 space, DISCK is relatively cheap. The average analyst recommendation for DISCK is 3.00, or a hold. Discovery Communications, Inc. insiders have sold a net of 0 shares during the past three months, which implies that the company’s top executives have been feeling bearish about the stock’s outlook. DISCK has the better fundamentals, scoring higher on leverage metrics. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

http://newburghgazette.com/2017/11/28/the-candriam-luxembourg-sca-takes-position-in-discovery/

 Diane Wilson 

28 November 2017, 11:56 
 HM Payson & Co. lowered its stake in Discovery Communications, Inc. The institutional investor owned 60,382 shares of the company's stock after selling 17,554 shares during the period. Shares of Discovery Communications Inc. Gyroscope Capital Management Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Discovery Communications during the third quarter worth $248,000. The stock ended last trade at $152.74 a share and the price is up more than 47.93% so far this year. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its holdings in Discovery Communications by 12.2% in the 3rd quarter. Keeping an eyeball on Gross profit Margin, Net profit Margin & Operating Margin, the Gross profit margin of -; the net profit margin of - while its Operating margin was 0 for Discovery Communications, Inc. BlackRock Inc. now owns 9,533,783 shares of the company's stock worth $246,259,000 after purchasing an additional 187,781 shares during the last quarter. It also increased its holding in Gaming & Leisure Pptys Inc (NASDAQ:GLPI) by 9,460 shares in the quarter, for a total of 701,815 shares, and has risen its stake in Dollar Tree Inc (NASDAQ:DLTR). Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC now owns 4,733,199 shares of the company's stock worth $95,894,000 after acquiring an additional 1,310,637 shares during the period. About 1.57 million shares traded. Wells Fargo And Mn owns 0% invested in Discovery Communications Inc. (NASDAQ:DISCK) to report earnings on February, 13. Piper Jaffray initiated Discovery Communications Inc. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Discovery Communications from a "hold" rating to a "strong sell" rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Morgan Stanley reduced their price objective on shares of Discovery Communications from $31.00 to $22.00 and set an "equal weight" rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, October 26th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock now has a consensus rating of "Hold" and an average price target of $24.27. The stock declined 0.97% or $0.17 reaching $17.33 per share. A statistical measure of the dispersion of returns (volatility) for DISCK producing salvation in Investors mouth, it has week volatility of 3.71% and for the month booked as 3.99%. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 50,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $772,500. (NYSE:TV) has Quick Ratio of 1.40, which indicates firm has sufficient short-term assets to cover its immediate liabilities. The mean rating score for this stock is at 2.80. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Returns and Valuations for Discovery Communications, Inc. 3,781,047 shares of the stock were exchanged, compared to its average volume of 3,727,974. The firm has a market capitalization of $6,400.00, a PE ratio of 7.91 and a beta of 1.41. Discovery Communications Inc. has a 12-month low of $23.66 and a 12-month high of $30.25. (NASDAQ:DISCA). University Of Texas Invest Managment Com stated it has 0.02% in Discovery Communications Inc. The company had revenue of $1.65 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.64 billion. The company had revenue of $1.65 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $1.64 billion. Return on assets is - and Return on equity (ROE) is - while it's Return on Investment (ROI) of 0.00. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Discovery Communications Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. They expect $0.45 EPS, down 19.64% or $0.11 from last year's $0.56 per share. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was posted by TrueBlueTribune and is owned by of TrueBlueTribune. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and worldwide trademark and copyright laws. About Discovery Communications Discovery Communications, Inc (Discovery) is a global media company.  

