https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-nvda-rally-past-250-143702998.html

Shares of NVIDIA Corporation NVDA have been up more than 100% this year. This is a very good ride when, you, as an investor, intend to cash in on the gain. However, we would suggest you to think twice, as the stock has plenty of potential to ride higher and generate more solid returns over the next few months.Given the recent optimism surrounding the stock, we believe it is just a matter of some months that the stock will breach the $250 mark.In fact, the company, between its Q2 and Q3 earnings results (Oct 10 to Nov 9), gained approximately 25%. Therefore, given its splendid Q3 results, the $250 mark is still a conservative view, as this only represents a 15% upside from Friday’s closing price of $216.96.Shares of NVIDIA have gained a whopping 103.3% year to date (YTD). If you still haven’t taken advantage of this appreciation yet, this is the right time to add the stock to your portfolio. Notably, NVIDIA has substantially outperformed the industry to which it belongs to, which has gained 47.2% YTD.   Bullish Analysts’ View to Aid the UpsideMajority of analysts have been optimistic about NVIDIA’s performance since the beginning of 2017 and raising their target prices quarter after quarter. The latest to join this group is Mitch Steves of RBC Capital Markets, which raised its target price to $250 from $240.Mitch noted that the recent upgrade in target price is in the wake of NVIDIA’s recently reported overwhelming third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. He believes the stock is poised to carry this bullish momentum ahead, in turn boosting the company’s share price. Mitch in his note, which was covered by Marketwatch, wrote, "Overall, after a single quarter of out-performance the 2020 upside case increases by 10%."Moreover, Mitch stated that increasing use of cryptocurrencies is driving demand for NVIDIA’s GPUs, as it helps create digital currencies like Ethereum, Monero, Cash and bitcoin gold. He believes the company will continue to witness demand for its GPUs from miners.Other investment firms, which also raised their target price recently, include B. Riley and Mizuho. While B. Riley increased its target price to $270 from $250, Mizuho raised it to $225 from $220.Most analysts believe NVIDIA will dominate the Artificial Intelligence (AI) chip market in the near future, similar to its performance in the gaming and data center markets. A few months back, Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s analyst, Vivek Arya, and Evercore ISI’s analyst — C.J. Muse — noted that NVIDIA is well poised to dominate the AI market.Arya, in a note written to clients, had mentioned, “Similar to other large successful tech industries, we expect the $30bn AI chip market to also feature one dominant supplier – we think NVDA.” On the other hand, Muse noted that the company is well poised to get the “first-mover advantage” and will continue maintaining its sturdy presence in the AI training system.Bottom LineNVIDIA remains one of the best performers in the semiconductor space. Given the accelerated momentum in AI, gaming, datacenter and automotive technology, we believe this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock, with long-term EPS growth estimate of 11.2%, will continue to rally in the near term. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Many might argue that NVIDIA, with its hefty forward P/E valuation of 52.6x, compared with the industry average of 20.3x, is a risky bet. Nevertheless, we beg to differ as high valuations and increasing share prices do not necessarily indicate that the stock does not have much upside potential left.NVIDIA has grabbed attention with striking performances on the back of impressive earnings results and strong growth projections.Furthermore, with its continued efforts toward attaining robust position in several emerging industries such as AI, deep learning and driverless cars industry, NVIDIA has outpaced other competitors in the space, including Advanced Micro Devices AMD, Intel Corp. INTC and STMicroelectronics STM, in terms of growth.Therefore, we believe investing in this stock will yield promising returns for your portfolio in the short term.Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.It's not the one you think.See This Ticker Free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) : Free Stock Analysis Report STMicroelectronics N.V. (STM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Intel Corporation (INTC) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/ge-collaborates-with-nvidia-for-ai-in-healthcare-products-cm882405

  General Electric Company GE  recently collaborated with visual computing firm NVIDIA Corporation NVDA  to incorporate state-of-the-art artificial intelligence (AI) in its healthcare imaging devices. The strategic deal will provide the industrial goods manufacturer an edge over its peers and augment its position in the market.  makeArticleAd();  AI is the simulation of human intelligence in machines. With an increasingly competitive market, manufacturers aim to develop sophisticated products by integrating AI in machines to improve the efficiency and accuracy levels. The advent of data analytics has further enhanced the scope of using AI in machines and has improved the interoperability of products.    GE intends to leverage NVIDIA's AI computing platform to develop Revolution Frontier CT - an advanced CT scan instrument - that is two times faster than the existing products available in the market. Cleared by the FDA, it is likely to offer superior clinical outcomes in liver lesion detection and kidney lesion. This would ultimately benefit patients with compromised renal function by eliminating unnecessary follow-ups and doctor visits.      It has been reportedly found that less than 3% of more than 50 petabytes of data generated on an average by hospitals is tagged or analyzed. GE Healthcare aims to harness this data for improved patient outcome by combining AI into its medical devices. This is likely to augment its revenues with ease of use and higher clinical efficiency.    Shares of GE have underperformed the industry  year to date, with an average loss of 42.5% compared with a decline of 5.7% for the latter. In order to boost the company's sagging shares, CEO John Flannery has decided to focus on just three core segments - power, aviation and health-care equipment - and gradually exit all other businesses. GE further intends to sell assets worth $20 billion to improve its liquidity. The collaboration with NVIDA is a step in this regard.      GE currently has a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell). Better-ranked stocks in the industry include Danaher Corporation DHR  and Leucadia National Corporation LUK  , each carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here   .    Danaher has a long-term earnings growth expectation of 10.6%. It has surpassed estimates in each of the trailing four quarters with an average positive surprise of 2.6%.    Leucadia has an expected long-term earnings growth rate of 18%. It has exceeded estimates thrice in the trailing four quarters with an average beat of 21.2%.     Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.    With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.    It's not the one you think.    See This Ticker Free >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Danaher Corporation (DHR): Free Stock Analysis Report   Leucadia National Corporation (LUK): Free Stock Analysis Report   General Electric Company (GE): Free Stock Analysis Report   NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research   General Electric Company GE  recently collaborated with visual computing firm NVIDIA Corporation NVDA  to incorporate state-of-the-art artificial intelligence (AI) in its healthcare imaging devices. The strategic deal will provide the industrial goods manufacturer an edge over its peers and augment its position in the market.  makeArticleAd();  AI is the simulation of human intelligence in machines. With an increasingly competitive market, manufacturers aim to develop sophisticated products by integrating AI in machines to improve the efficiency and accuracy levels. The advent of data analytics has further enhanced the scope of using AI in machines and has improved the interoperability of products.    GE intends to leverage NVIDIA's AI computing platform to develop Revolution Frontier CT - an advanced CT scan instrument - that is two times faster than the existing products available in the market. Cleared by the FDA, it is likely to offer superior clinical outcomes in liver lesion detection and kidney lesion. This would ultimately benefit patients with compromised renal function by eliminating unnecessary follow-ups and doctor visits.      It has been reportedly found that less than 3% of more than 50 petabytes of data generated on an average by hospitals is tagged or analyzed. GE Healthcare aims to harness this data for improved patient outcome by combining AI into its medical devices. This is likely to augment its revenues with ease of use and higher clinical efficiency.    Shares of GE have underperformed the industry  year to date, with an average loss of 42.5% compared with a decline of 5.7% for the latter. In order to boost the company's sagging shares, CEO John Flannery has decided to focus on just three core segments - power, aviation and health-care equipment - and gradually exit all other businesses. GE further intends to sell assets worth $20 billion to improve its liquidity. The collaboration with NVIDA is a step in this regard.      GE currently has a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell). Better-ranked stocks in the industry include Danaher Corporation DHR  and Leucadia National Corporation LUK  , each carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here   .    Danaher has a long-term earnings growth expectation of 10.6%. It has surpassed estimates in each of the trailing four quarters with an average positive surprise of 2.6%.    Leucadia has an expected long-term earnings growth rate of 18%. It has exceeded estimates thrice in the trailing four quarters with an average beat of 21.2%.     Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.    With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.    It's not the one you think.    See This Ticker Free >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/24/taking-a-look-at-the-data-behind-nvidia-corporation-nvda-6/

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Semiconductor – Specialized. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $214.93, down from yesterday’s close by -0.52%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis It’s important to get a feel for how any stock is actually valued on the market based on its core numbers. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) currently trades with a market capitalization of $129.11 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 31.54 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For NVDA, you can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $1.97 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to fall in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $1.15 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 66.96% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis It’s important to check the technicals to get a sense of how NVDA has been acting. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, NVIDIA Corporation recorded a 52-week high of $218.67. It is now trading 3.74% off that level. The stock is trading $195.19 its 50-day moving average by -19.74%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $84.77. In recent action, NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) has made a move of +10.98% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 17.88, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 2.23% with $573.18 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of NVDA. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/27/nvidia-corporation-nvda-given-new-240-00-price-target-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html


					Posted by Sebastian Weber on Nov 27th, 2017 // No Comments  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) had its target price increased by Royal Bank Of Canada  from $230.00 to $240.00 in a research note issued to investors on Friday, November 10th, MarketBeat Ratings reports. The firm currently has an “outperform” rating on the computer hardware maker’s stock. Royal Bank Of Canada’s target price points to a potential upside of 10.62% from the company’s current price. NVDA has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Vetr lowered NVIDIA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $172.54 price objective for the company. in a research note on Thursday, August 31st. Credit Suisse Group  reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of NVIDIA in a research report on Thursday, August 31st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their target price on NVIDIA from $193.00 to $217.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 11th. B. Riley upped their price objective on NVIDIA from $200.00 to $250.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, November 6th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC  restated a “buy” rating and set a $200.00 price objective on shares of NVIDIA in a research report on Thursday, September 28th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating, twenty-four have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. NVIDIA presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $186.85. NVIDIA (NVDA) opened at $216.96 on Friday. NVIDIA has a one year low of $84.77 and a one year high of $218.67. The company has a quick ratio of 7.42, a current ratio of 8.26 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.31. The firm has a market capitalization of $131,477.77, a price-to-earnings ratio of 53.44, a PEG ratio of 4.70 and a beta of 1.23.  NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $1.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.39. The business had revenue of $2.64 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.36 billion. NVIDIA had a return on equity of 54.54% and a net margin of 31.79%. NVIDIA’s revenue for the quarter was up 31.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.94 earnings per share.  research analysts expect that  NVIDIA will post 4.13 EPS for the current fiscal year.  In related news, Director A Brooke Seawell sold 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, September 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $170.19, for a total value of $5,105,700.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 16,507 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,809,326.33. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Michael Byron sold 409 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, September 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $171.01, for a total value of $69,943.09. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 136,199 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $23,291,390.99. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 452,532 shares of company stock valued at $82,218,204. Company insiders own  5.82% of the company’s stock.  A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of NVDA. Welch Investments LLC purchased a new position in shares of  NVIDIA during the 3rd quarter valued at about $104,000.  Evercore Wealth Management LLC raised its stake in shares of  NVIDIA by 36.9% during the 2nd quarter. Evercore Wealth Management LLC now owns 765 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $110,000 after buying an additional 206 shares during the last quarter.  TB Alternative Assets Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of  NVIDIA during the 2nd quarter valued at about $116,000.  Proficio Capital Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of  NVIDIA by 186.1% during the 1st quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 841 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $117,000 after buying an additional 547 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. raised its stake in shares of  NVIDIA by 0.7% during the 2nd quarter. Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. now owns 822 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $119,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  65.28% of the company’s stock.  TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was  published by The Ledger Gazette and is owned by of The Ledger Gazette. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/27/nvidia-corporation-nvda-given-new-240-00-price-target-at-royal-bank-of-canada.html.  About NVIDIA Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users.   Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://standardoracle.com/2017/11/27/10-analysts-rated-nvidia-corporation-nvda-as-buy-3/

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) added 0.94% to reach $216.96 in the previous trading session. Overall, 4.52 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 14.42 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 0.31, while its market cap is $130.33 Billion. Relative Strength Index The Relative Strength Index (RSI), developed by J. Welles Wilder, is a momentum oscillator that calculates the speed and change of price movements. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Usually the RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when less than 30. Relative strength index (RSI-14) for NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is at 67.99. Price Target A price target is the projected price level of a financial security stated by an investment analyst. It represents a security’s price that, if achieved, results in a trader recognizing the best possible outcome for his investment. This is the price at which the trader or investor wants to exit his existing position so he can realize the most reward. Basically, a price target is an individual analyst’s projection on the future price of a stock. There is no concrete way to calculate a price target. Different analysts and financial institutions use various valuation methods and consider different economic forces when deciding on a price target. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) has been given an average price target of $206.32 from analysts, according to data collected by Finviz. Earnings Forecast Earnings per share (EPS) is the portion of a company’s profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Earnings per share serves as an indicator of a company’s profitability. Consensus earnings estimates are far from perfect, but they are watched by many investors and play an important role in measuring the appropriate valuation for a stock. Investors measure stock performance on the basis of a company’s earnings power. To make a proper assessment, investors seek a sound estimate of this year’s and next year’s earnings per share (EPS), as well as a strong sense of how much the company will earn even farther down the road. Maximum and minimum EPS estimate for the current quarter is projected at $0.91 and $0.79, respectively, according to 21 analysts. Comparatively, NVIDIA Corporation posted earnings of $0 per share in the same quarter last year. The company is expected to report earnings of $1.15 a share for the next quarter. Revenue Estimate Revenue is the amount of money that a company actually receives during a specific period, including discounts and deductions for returned merchandise. It is the “top line” or “gross income” figure from which costs are subtracted to determine net income. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is expected to post revenue of $2.11 Billion in the current quarter, according to consensus of 26 analysts. The high and low revenue estimates for the current quarter are $2.14 Billion and $2.09 Billion, respectively. The company reported revenue of $0 in the same period last year. Moving Averages A moving average (MA) is a trend-following or lagging indicator because it is based on past prices. The average is taken over a specific period of time, like 10 days, 20 minutes, 30 weeks, or any time period the trader chooses. There are advantages to using a moving average in your trading, as well options on what type of moving average to use. Moving average strategies are also popular and can be tailored to any time frame, suiting both long term investors and short-term traders. A moving average can help cut down the amount of “noise” on a price chart. Look at the direction of the moving average to get a basic idea of which way the price is moving. Angled up and price is moving up (or was recently) overall, angled down and price is moving down overall, moving sideways and the price is likely in a range. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)’s distance from 200 day simple moving average is 45.2 percent, its distance from 50 day simple moving average is 11.15 percent, while its distance from 20 day simple moving average is 3.63 percent. Volatility Volatility is a statistical measure of the dispersion of returns for a given security or market index. Volatility can either be measured by using the standard deviation or variance between returns from that same security or market index. When we see the company’s Volatility, it currently has a monthly volatility of 1.95% and weekly volatility of 1.56%. Analysts Recommendation In order to reach an opinion and communicate the value and volatility of a covered security, analysts research public financial statements, listen in on conference calls and talk to managers and the customers of a company, typically in an attempt to capture the findings for a research report. Ultimately, through all this investigation into the company’s performance the analyst decides whether their stock is a “buy,” sell” or hold.” NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 2.3, according to data compiled by Finviz. The recommendation scale measures the value from 1 to 5, where 1 means ‘’Buy’’ and 5 stands for ”Sell”. NVIDIA Corporation was covered by a number of analysts recently, 10 rated the stock as Buy, 12 rated Outperform, 15 rated Hold, 2 gave an Underperform and 0 rated sell. Historical Trends A trend analysis is a method of analysis that allows traders to predict what will happen with a stock in the future. Trend analysis is based on historical data about the stock’s performance given the overall trends of the market and particular indicators within the market. NVIDIA Corporation shares increased 2.53 percent over the past week and rose 12.03 percent over the previous month. The stock climbed 32.45 percent over the past quarter, while surged 52.96 percent over the past six months. 

https://stocknews.com/news/nvda-analyst-nvidia-corporation-nvda-still-has-39-more-upside/

NVDA – Marketocracy’s Rex Jacobsen says NVIDIA is going to $310. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is one of the market’s biggest winners over the past few years, but there’s still plenty of upside remaining for the graphics chipmaker. That’s according to fund manager Rex Jacobsen, who explained his ultra bullish view on NVDA to Forbes this week: Nvidia has huge growth opportunities in disruptive technologies such as self-driving vehicles, cryptocurrency mining, and artificial intelligence. Deep learning, a form of artificial intelligence, will unlock massive productivity gains for companies utilizing it, from robotics, computer vision, drug discovery, voice recognition, machine translation and speech synthesis. Nvidia is at the forefront of these new technologies. Accordingly, Jacobsen has a $310 price target on NVIDIA shares, which implies a nearly 39% upside from current levels. He sees a number of practical uses for NVIDIA’s emerging technologies, noting “Nvidia builds specialized chips for computer vision which allow vehicles to perceive the environment in which they are operating. Machine vision also helps drones avoid obstacles. Deep learning also drops error rates for breast cancer diagnoses by 85%.” The analyst also believes NVIDIA’s sizable lead over the competition — which is only NVDA and Intel — will remain for quite some time. Their GPUs remain far faster and more efficient than its competitors, and as long as that remains the case, the company will be nearly impossible to beat as it dominates a number of high-growth tech niches. NVIDIA Corporation shares were trading at $215.85 per share on Friday morning, up $0.92 (+0.43%). Year-to-date, NVDA has gained 103.01%, versus a 18.08% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. NVDA currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #3 of 97 stocks in the Semiconductor & Wireless Chip category. 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/24/a-side-by-side-analysis-of-nvidia-corporation-nvda-and-sunpower-corporation-spwr/

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and SunPower Corporation (NASDAQ:SPWR) are both Technology companies that recently hit new highs. The recent price action of these companies has left many investors wondering what actions to take. To determine if one is a better investment than the other, we will compare the two names across various metrics, including growth, profitability, risk, return, dividends, and valuation. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) operates in the Semiconductor – Specialized segment of the Technology sector. The company has grown sales at a 11.60% annual rate over the past five years, putting it in the high growth category. NVDA has a net profit margin of 21.90% and is more profitable than the average company in the Semiconductor – Specialized industry. In terms of efficiency, NVDA has an asset turnover ratio of 0.93. This figure represents the amount of revenue a company generates per dollar of assets. NVDA’s financial leverage ratio is 0.55, which indicates that the company’s asset base is primarily funded by equity capital. Company’s return on equity, which is really just the product of the company’s profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage ratios, is 33.90%, which is better than the Semiconductor – Specialized industry average ROE. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) pays out an annual dividend of 0.60 per share. At the current valuation, this equates to a dividend yield of 0.28%. The company has a payout ratio of 14.50%. NVDA’s current dividend therefore should be sustainable. Stock’s free cash flow yield, which represents the amount of cash available to investors before dividends, expressed as a percentage of the stock price, is 0. All else equal, companies with higher FCF yields are viewed as cheaper. Company trades at a P/E ratio of 53.77 , and is more expensive than the average stock in the Semiconductor – Specialized industry. The average investment recommendation for NVDA, taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts, is 2.30, or a buy. Over the past three months, NVIDIA Corporation insiders have been net buyers, dumping a net of -760,956 shares. This implies that insiders have been feeling relatively bearish about the outlook for NVDA. Insider activity and sentiment signals are important to monitor because they can shed light on how “risky” a stock is perceived to be at it’s current valuation. Knowing this, it makes sense to look at beta, a measure of market risk. NVDA has a beta of 1.20 and therefore an above average level of market volatility. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 SunPower Corporation (NASDAQ:SPWR) operates in the Semiconductor – Specialized segment of the Technology sector. SPWR has increased sales at a 1.50% CAGR over the past five years, and is considered a low growth stock. The company has a net profit margin of -24.90% and is less profitable than the average Semiconductor – Specialized player. SPWR’s asset turnover ratio is 0.51 and the company has financial leverage of 4.21. SPWR’s return on equity of -67.90% is worse than the Semiconductor – Specialized industry average. The average analyst recommendation for SPWR is 2.80, or a hold. SunPower Corporation insiders have sold a net of -4,698 shares during the past three months, which implies that the company’s top executives have been feeling bearish about the stock’s outlook. Finally, SPWR’s beta of 3.10 indicates that the stock has an above average level of market risk. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) scores higher than SunPower Corporation (NASDAQ:SPWR) on 10 of the 13 measures compared between the two companies. NVDA has the better fundamentals, scoring higher on growth, profitability, efficiency, leverage and return metrics. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://www.economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/27/the-bull-case-for-nvidia-corporation-nvda-3/

Investors have been carefully witnessing the recent activity of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stock. Analysts often use price and volume data to predict future stock performance. In the case of NVDA, the chart has some interesting things to say about where the stock might be headed. How has the stock performed recently? NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) in the last month has increased +10.87%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and outperformed a peer group of similar companies by 269%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $216.96, NVDA sits below its 52-week high. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has been trading in a bullish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that NVDA may be headed in the future. To forecast a stock’s future performance, analysts use momentum indicators, which take into account the size and speed of these price movements. As momentum begins to slow, it may be a sign that a recent trend is about to reverse. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for NVDA is 66.25%, which suggests that the stock is not particularly expensive or cheap, and not predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 87.37%, tells a different story, and suggests that NVDA currently trades in overbought territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? In addition to price, analysts use volume trends to predict future performance. The level of trading activity in a stock is often a good proxy for the level of interest and enthusiasm for the name within the investment community. A sudden increase in activity can be a sign that investors are trading in anticipation of a catalyst. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) average trading volume of 12,703,530 during the past month is 28.18% below its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been less active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? NVDA is currently overvalued by 2.62% relative to the average 1-year price target of $211.43 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 2.30, which implies that analysts are generally neutral in their outlook for NVDA over the next year. How risky is the stock?  Absolute price performance isn’t the only thing analysts consider when predicting future performance: volatility matters as well. Beta, which measures the stock’s volatility relative to the overall market, is a simple but effective metric for assessing risk. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has a beta of 1.19, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are more extreme than the market as a whole. NVDA therefore has a above average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, NVDA average daily volatility was 27.91%, which is 3.77 percentage points lower than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/28/stocks-that-beat-the-best-in-todays-market-nvidia-corporation-nvda/


James Banner 
5 hours ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 The following data is for NVIDIA Corporation | NASDAQ: NVDA | Tuesday, November 28, 2017 Based on the aggregate value of the company over its current share price and the total amount of outstanding stocks, the market cap of NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is presently reeling at 128.55B. Acting as the blue chip in today’s trade, NVIDIA Corporation’s existing market cap value showcases its prevailing assets, capital and revenues. It also indicates that the share tends to be less volatile and proves to be more attractive than smaller companies because of their stability and the likelihood of higher dividend offers. The company’s P/E ratio is currently valued at 53.58, with a forward P/E of 45.57. The existing P/E value will allow investors to easily determine whether the company’s stock price is cheap or expensive. Corporations that acquires a higher P/E ratio are usually growth stocks. However, their relatively high multiples do not necessarily indicate that their shares are overpriced and not good buys for the long term. NVIDIA Corporation has a current ratio of 8.3, indicating whether the company’s short-term assets (cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, receivables and inventory) are readily obtainable to pay off its short-term liabilities. Theoretically, the higher the current ratio, the better. The corporation holds a quick ratio of 7.4, signifying the short-term liquidity and the ability to use its quick assets to pay the current liabilities. However, investors should also know that this is not the whole story on company liquidity. It’s ROA is valued at 26.80% marking the total profit the company generates as a percentage of the value of its total assets. Generally, the higher the ROA, the better it is. A falling ROA is almost always a problem, but investors and analysts should also know that the ROA does not account for outstanding liabilities and may signpost a greater profit level than actually derived. The firm has a ROI of 19.80%, calculating the gain or loss generated on investment relative to the sum of money invested. Return on investments is normally expressed as a percentage and is used for personal financial decisions. The existing ROI value of NVIDIA Corporation outlines the firm’s profitability alongside the efficiency of different investments. NVIDIA Corporation has an EPS value of 4, demonstrating the portion of the company’s earnings, net of taxes and preferred stock dividends that is allotted to each share of common stock. The current amount sensibly gauges the company’s liability per unit of shareholder ownership and indicates whether it is a key driver of share prices. The current share price of NVIDIA Corporation is valued at $214.14 with a change in price of -1.30%. Company has a target price of $211.43. The existing EPS value gives an insight into the company’s EPS growth this year at 137.90%. With this in mind, the EPS growth for the following year measures at 12.20%. It has an EPS growth of 22.20% for the past five years, indicating an EPS value of 15.45% for the next five years. The sales growth for the past five years is 11.60%. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA)   Tags (NASDAQ:NVDA),NASDAQ,NVDA,NVIDIA Corporation,Technology,Semiconductor - Specialized 2 mins ago 2 mins ago 2 mins ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/27/nvidia-corporation-nvda-expected-to-post-earnings-of-1-13-per-share.html


					Posted by Rob Logan on Nov 27th, 2017 // No Comments  Equities analysts predict that NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) will announce earnings per share (EPS) of $1.13 for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Nine analysts have provided estimates for NVIDIA Corporation’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $1.00 to $1.22. NVIDIA Corporation reported earnings of $0.99 per share in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year-over-year growth rate of 14.1%. The firm is scheduled to issue its next quarterly earnings report  on Thursday, February 8th. On average, analysts expect that NVIDIA Corporation will report full year earnings of $4.13 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.62 to $4.30. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the firm will report earnings of $4.59 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.88 to $5.01. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that that provide coverage for NVIDIA Corporation. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $1.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.39. NVIDIA Corporation had a net margin of 28.78% and a return on equity of 42.71%. The firm had revenue of $2.64 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.36 billion. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.94 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 31.5% compared to the same quarter last year.  Several analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. SunTrust Banks, Inc. lifted their price objective on shares of NVIDIA Corporation to $253.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, November 10th. Needham & Company LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $250.00 price objective on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research note on Friday, November 10th. Bank of America Corporation lifted their price objective on shares of NVIDIA Corporation from $210.00 to $251.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, November 10th. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on shares of NVIDIA Corporation from $200.00 to $225.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Friday, November 10th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. lifted their price objective on shares of NVIDIA Corporation and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, November 10th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned  a hold rating, twenty-four have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the stock. NVIDIA Corporation  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $186.85. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was  posted by The Ledger Gazette and is owned by of The Ledger Gazette. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/27/nvidia-corporation-nvda-expected-to-post-earnings-of-1-13-per-share.html.  In related news, Director Dawn E. Hudson sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $213.44, for a total value of $3,201,600.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 46,868 shares in the company, valued at $10,003,505.92. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Michael Byron sold 409 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, September 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $171.01, for a total transaction of $69,943.09. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 136,199 shares in the company, valued at $23,291,390.99. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 451,503 shares of company stock worth $81,997,895. 5.82% of the stock is owned by company insiders.  Institutional investors and hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the business. Welch Investments LLC purchased a new stake in  NVIDIA Corporation in the third quarter worth approximately $104,000.  Evercore Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in  NVIDIA Corporation by 36.9% in the second quarter. Evercore Wealth Management LLC now owns 765 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $110,000 after buying an additional 206 shares in the last quarter.  TB Alternative Assets Ltd. purchased a new stake in  NVIDIA Corporation in the second quarter worth approximately $116,000.  Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. boosted its stake in  NVIDIA Corporation by 0.7% in the second quarter. Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. now owns 822 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $119,000 after buying an additional 6 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Edge Advisors LLC boosted its stake in  NVIDIA Corporation by 98.8% in the third quarter. Edge Advisors LLC now owns 835 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $149,000 after buying an additional 415 shares in the last quarter. 65.40% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) traded down $0.25 during trading hours on Wednesday, hitting $211.36. 12,702,474 shares of the stock traded hands, compared to its average volume of 17,662,922. The company has a market cap of $126,970.00, a price-to-earnings ratio of 52.75, a P/E/G ratio of 4.64 and a beta of 1.23. The company has a quick ratio of 7.42, a current ratio of 8.26 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.31. NVIDIA Corporation has a 12 month low of $84.77 and a 12 month high of $218.67.  The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Investors of record on Friday, November 24th will be given a $0.15 dividend. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.28%. This is a boost from NVIDIA Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.14. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, November 22nd. NVIDIA Corporation’s dividend payout ratio  is 14.00%.  NVIDIA Corporation Company Profile Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com   Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

