http://www.nasdaq.com/article/tesla-tsla-builds-largest-lithium-ion-battery-in-australia-cm882359

 Per Reuters, Tesla Inc. TSLA  has completed installing the world's largest lithium-ion battery in South Australia. The construction was completed within 55 days from Sep 29, when the grid connection deal was signed.  makeArticleAd();  In July, the company won a bid to construct 129 megawatt hour battery for Australia's most wind-energy dependent state i.e. South Australia. The company's CEO Elon Musk had pledged to install the battery within 100 days of signing the grid connection agreement. Otherwise the same would be given to the state for free.    At the time of signing the deal, Tesla had already installed half the battery packs.  Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus       Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus    |      Tesla Inc. Quote   The company's powerpacks have been installed at a wind farm in France's Neoen and are undergoing testing to offer grid security services. Per South Australia Energy Minister, the battery will be operational from Dec 1.    Of the total $390-million plan the state has sanctioned for diesel-fired generators to deal with frequent power cuts, it is yet to determine the amount to be paid to Tesla for the battery.    The country's energy sector already notified that the power supply will be tight, mainly in South Australia and the neighboring state of Victoria, as one of the biggest coal power plants was shut down in March.    Demand for lithium-ion batteries is expected to rise in the near future and the batteries are anticipated to be widely used in consumer electronic products as well as in electric cars to curb pollution.   Price Performance    In the last three months, shares of the company have underperformed the industry  it belongs to. The stock has lost 8.7% against the industry's 7.7% gain during the period.     Zacks Rank & Key Picks    Tesla carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).    Better-ranked stocks in the auto space include Cummins Inc. CMI  , BMW AG BAMXF  and BorgWarner Inc. BWA  . While Cummins sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), BMW and BorgWarner carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   .    Cummins has an expected long-term growth rate of 12.2%. The stock has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-quarter earnings per share being revised 2.4% upward over the last 30 days.    BMW has an expected long-term growth rate of 4.2%. Over a year, shares of the company have been up 18.8%.    BorgWarner has an expected long-term growth rate of 9.1%. Its shares have been up 29.1% in the last six months.   Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.    With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.    It's not the one you think.    See This Ticker Free >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Tesla Inc. (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report   Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BAMXF): Free Stock Analysis Report   BorgWarner Inc. (BWA): Free Stock Analysis Report   Cummins Inc. (CMI): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research  Per Reuters, Tesla Inc. TSLA  has completed installing the world's largest lithium-ion battery in South Australia. The construction was completed within 55 days from Sep 29, when the grid connection deal was signed.  makeArticleAd();  In July, the company won a bid to construct 129 megawatt hour battery for Australia's most wind-energy dependent state i.e. South Australia. The company's CEO Elon Musk had pledged to install the battery within 100 days of signing the grid connection agreement. Otherwise the same would be given to the state for free.    At the time of signing the deal, Tesla had already installed half the battery packs.  Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus       Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus    |      Tesla Inc. Quote    Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus    |      Tesla Inc. Quote  The company's powerpacks have been installed at a wind farm in France's Neoen and are undergoing testing to offer grid security services. Per South Australia Energy Minister, the battery will be operational from Dec 1.    Of the total $390-million plan the state has sanctioned for diesel-fired generators to deal with frequent power cuts, it is yet to determine the amount to be paid to Tesla for the battery.    The country's energy sector already notified that the power supply will be tight, mainly in South Australia and the neighboring state of Victoria, as one of the biggest coal power plants was shut down in March.    Demand for lithium-ion batteries is expected to rise in the near future and the batteries are anticipated to be widely used in consumer electronic products as well as in electric cars to curb pollution.   Price Performance    In the last three months, shares of the company have underperformed the industry  it belongs to. The stock has lost 8.7% against the industry's 7.7% gain during the period.     Zacks Rank & Key Picks    Tesla carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).    Better-ranked stocks in the auto space include Cummins Inc. CMI  , BMW AG BAMXF  and BorgWarner Inc. BWA  . While Cummins sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), BMW and BorgWarner carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   .    Cummins has an expected long-term growth rate of 12.2%. The stock has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-quarter earnings per share being revised 2.4% upward over the last 30 days.    BMW has an expected long-term growth rate of 4.2%. Over a year, shares of the company have been up 18.8%.    BorgWarner has an expected long-term growth rate of 9.1%. Its shares have been up 29.1% in the last six months.   Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.    With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.    It's not the one you think.    See This Ticker Free >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

http://www.livetradingnews.com/tesla-inc-nasdaqtsla-heffx-highlights-22-63366.html

Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) HEFFX Highlights  Tesla, Inc., formerly Tesla Motors, Inc., designs, develops, manufactures and sells fully electric vehicles, and energy storage systems, as well as installs, operates and maintains solar and energy storage products. The Company operates through two segments: Automotive, and Energy generation and storage. The Automotive segment includes the design, development, manufacturing, and sales of electric vehicles. The Energy generation and storage segment includes the design, manufacture, installation, and sale or lease of stationary energy storage products and solar energy systems to residential and commercial customers, or sale of electricity generated by its solar energy systems to customers. The Company produces and distributes two fully electric vehicles, the Model S sedan and the Model X sport utility vehicle (SUV). It also offers Model 3, a sedan designed for the mass market. It develops energy storage products for use in homes, commercial facilities and utility sites.  Overall, the bias in prices is: Downwards. Short term: Prices are moving. Intermediate term: Prices are trending. Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the downside. The projected upper bound is: 335.16. The projected lower bound is: 293.45. The projected closing price is: 314.31. TESLA INC closed up 2.950 at 315.550. Volume was 47% below average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 38% narrower than normal. Open            High              Low              Close            Volume
313.790        316.410        311.000        315.550        3,244,065 Technical Outlook
Short Term: Neutral
Intermediate Term: Bearish
Long Term: Bearish Moving Averages: 10-period         50-period        200-period
Close:                       312.06              335.79              323.00
Volatility:                37                      40                      45
Volume:                   6,709,295        6,344,629        6,643,359 Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon. Summary
TESLA INC is currently 2.3% below its 200-period moving average and is in an downward trend. Volatility is high as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of TSLA.O at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bearish on TSLA.O and have had this outlook for the last 28 periods. Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators. Stochastic Oscillator One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 50.6593. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a buy 17 period(s) ago. Relative Strength Index (RSI) The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 46.88. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a buy 14 period(s) ago. Commodity Channel Index (CCI) The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 74. This is not a topping or bottoming area. The last signal was a sell 1 period(s) ago. MACD The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 7 period(s) ago.   breakthrough, car, Elon, heffx, manufacturer, Musk, NASDAQ, shayne heffernan, Tesla, TSLA  Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) HEFFX Highlights added by John Heffernan on November 27, 2017View all posts by John Heffernan → 

http://host.madison.com/business/investment/markets-and-stocks/will-tesla-do-a-stock-split-in/article_ade15958-f3d1-53aa-bc69-bb002599a51c.html

Stock splits might not do anything to affect the intrinsic value of a company, but many investors still look forward to seeing the companies in their portfolios split their shares. So far, electric vehicle pioneer Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) has never done a stock split, even though CEO Elon Musk has expressed plenty of confidence in the company's future. Having seen its stock jump as much as 20-fold from its $17-per-share IPO price just seven years ago, Tesla shareholders are curious whether a stock split could make the share price move higher and add to their long-term gains. Often, a big share-price gain prompts a company to do a stock split. Tesla's move higher over the past few years has certainly justified a closer look at the stock. Even more recently, a jump from below $200 per share toward the end of 2016 to nearly $400 earlier this year drew a lot of attention, even from investors who are skeptical about the prospects for Tesla shares ever to split.  TSLA data by YCharts. So far, Tesla has resisted natural catalysts to doing stock splits. The initial jump in 2013 from around $30 per share up to triple-digit stock prices came amid excitement about the Model S sedan, and the subsequent increase in production capacity allowed delivery figures to rise, prompting further share-price advances into the high $200s by 2014. Subsequent releases of new vehicle ideas also added to Tesla's success. The Model X and Model 3 announcements were both seen as evolutionary in Tesla's development, and although the stock's reaction to those moves wasn't as large as the initial success of the Model S, Tesla still continued to deliver solid returns for its shareholders. Image source: Tesla. Musk, however, has never wasted time in his conference calls with investors to discuss the potential for a stock split. The focus has always remained on operational considerations that have a larger future impact on the company's long-term success. For instance, in its most recent earnings call, Tesla noted that production challenges are plaguing the automaker's efforts to ramp up production of the Model 3 mass-market vehicle. Battery module manufacturing has been a bottleneck for Tesla, and the company pushed back its anticipated timeline for reaching higher production targets as a result. Even with those difficulties, Tesla isn't standing still, having announced earlier this month its progress toward a commercial semitrailer as well as a reimagined Roadster. Investors who expect that Tesla will decide to do a stock split in the coming year are likely to be disappointed. With the company having avoided splitting its shares at key milestones like $100 and $200, the most likely scenario under which Tesla would consider a stock split is if the share price were to reach $700. That's a level at which several major technology companies have looked at 7-for-1 stock splits, and Tesla clearly puts itself in the same camp as those tech giants rather than its carmaker peers. It's possible that Tesla shares could more than double in 2018, but even if they did, it wouldn't guarantee that the company would change its stock split strategy. Tesla also doesn't have the same pressures that companies that are part of the Dow Jones Industrials have, because the indexes that include its shares aren't price-weighted. In the end, despite how much attention the whole question gets, it doesn't matter whether Tesla splits its stock or not. The way that discount brokers allow investors to buy as little as a single share of a high-priced stock has made it far easier for small investors to gain access to red-hot companies. As long as the company continues to show signs of future success, then a rising share price should be reward enough for Tesla shareholders. 10 stocks we like better than Tesla When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Tesla wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 6, 2017 Dan Caplinger has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Tesla. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.  More from madison.com partners 

https://www.baystreet.ca/techinsider/975/How-Do-Teslas-Newest-Promises-Stack-Up-to-Reality

 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/tesla-tsla-builds-largest-lithium-ion-battery-in-australia-cm882359

 Per Reuters, Tesla Inc. TSLA  has completed installing the world's largest lithium-ion battery in South Australia. The construction was completed within 55 days from Sep 29, when the grid connection deal was signed.  makeArticleAd();  In July, the company won a bid to construct 129 megawatt hour battery for Australia's most wind-energy dependent state i.e. South Australia. The company's CEO Elon Musk had pledged to install the battery within 100 days of signing the grid connection agreement. Otherwise the same would be given to the state for free.    At the time of signing the deal, Tesla had already installed half the battery packs.  Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus       Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus    |      Tesla Inc. Quote   The company's powerpacks have been installed at a wind farm in France's Neoen and are undergoing testing to offer grid security services. Per South Australia Energy Minister, the battery will be operational from Dec 1.    Of the total $390-million plan the state has sanctioned for diesel-fired generators to deal with frequent power cuts, it is yet to determine the amount to be paid to Tesla for the battery.    The country's energy sector already notified that the power supply will be tight, mainly in South Australia and the neighboring state of Victoria, as one of the biggest coal power plants was shut down in March.    Demand for lithium-ion batteries is expected to rise in the near future and the batteries are anticipated to be widely used in consumer electronic products as well as in electric cars to curb pollution.   Price Performance    In the last three months, shares of the company have underperformed the industry  it belongs to. The stock has lost 8.7% against the industry's 7.7% gain during the period.     Zacks Rank & Key Picks    Tesla carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).    Better-ranked stocks in the auto space include Cummins Inc. CMI  , BMW AG BAMXF  and BorgWarner Inc. BWA  . While Cummins sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), BMW and BorgWarner carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   .    Cummins has an expected long-term growth rate of 12.2%. The stock has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-quarter earnings per share being revised 2.4% upward over the last 30 days.    BMW has an expected long-term growth rate of 4.2%. Over a year, shares of the company have been up 18.8%.    BorgWarner has an expected long-term growth rate of 9.1%. Its shares have been up 29.1% in the last six months.   Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.    With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.    It's not the one you think.    See This Ticker Free >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Tesla Inc. (TSLA): Free Stock Analysis Report   Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BAMXF): Free Stock Analysis Report   BorgWarner Inc. (BWA): Free Stock Analysis Report   Cummins Inc. (CMI): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research  Per Reuters, Tesla Inc. TSLA  has completed installing the world's largest lithium-ion battery in South Australia. The construction was completed within 55 days from Sep 29, when the grid connection deal was signed.  makeArticleAd();  In July, the company won a bid to construct 129 megawatt hour battery for Australia's most wind-energy dependent state i.e. South Australia. The company's CEO Elon Musk had pledged to install the battery within 100 days of signing the grid connection agreement. Otherwise the same would be given to the state for free.    At the time of signing the deal, Tesla had already installed half the battery packs.  Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus       Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus    |      Tesla Inc. Quote    Tesla Inc. Price and Consensus    |      Tesla Inc. Quote  The company's powerpacks have been installed at a wind farm in France's Neoen and are undergoing testing to offer grid security services. Per South Australia Energy Minister, the battery will be operational from Dec 1.    Of the total $390-million plan the state has sanctioned for diesel-fired generators to deal with frequent power cuts, it is yet to determine the amount to be paid to Tesla for the battery.    The country's energy sector already notified that the power supply will be tight, mainly in South Australia and the neighboring state of Victoria, as one of the biggest coal power plants was shut down in March.    Demand for lithium-ion batteries is expected to rise in the near future and the batteries are anticipated to be widely used in consumer electronic products as well as in electric cars to curb pollution.   Price Performance    In the last three months, shares of the company have underperformed the industry  it belongs to. The stock has lost 8.7% against the industry's 7.7% gain during the period.     Zacks Rank & Key Picks    Tesla carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell).    Better-ranked stocks in the auto space include Cummins Inc. CMI  , BMW AG BAMXF  and BorgWarner Inc. BWA  . While Cummins sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), BMW and BorgWarner carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   .    Cummins has an expected long-term growth rate of 12.2%. The stock has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-quarter earnings per share being revised 2.4% upward over the last 30 days.    BMW has an expected long-term growth rate of 4.2%. Over a year, shares of the company have been up 18.8%.    BorgWarner has an expected long-term growth rate of 9.1%. Its shares have been up 29.1% in the last six months.   Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.    With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.    It's not the one you think.    See This Ticker Free >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://weeklyhub.com/tesla-inc-call-tsla-holding-has-increased-by-nokota-management-lp/



					

						November 28, 2017 - By Nellie Frank
 Investors sentiment increased to 1.27 in Q2 2017. Its up 0.19, from 1.08 in 2017Q1. It improved, as 83 investors sold TSLA shares while 159 reduced holdings. 111 funds opened positions while 197 raised stakes. 92.06 million shares or 10.31% less from 102.64 million shares in 2017Q1 were reported. Crestwood Advsrs Grp Lc accumulated 112 shares. Citadel Advsrs Limited Liability Corporation accumulated 51,984 shares. Public Employees Retirement Sys Of Ohio holds 88,250 shares or 0.18% of its portfolio. Horizon Kinetics holds 1,063 shares or 0.01% of its portfolio. Ls Invest Ltd has invested 0.01% of its portfolio in Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA). Rafferty Asset Mngmt Limited Liability Corp invested in 3,848 shares or 0.04% of the stock. Carnegie Cap Asset Management Ltd Liability has 2,675 shares for 0.11% of their portfolio. Piedmont Investment Limited Liability reported 0.22% of its portfolio in Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA). Barclays Public Ltd holds 0.14% or 351,060 shares in its portfolio. Peddock Advisors Ltd Limited Liability Company reported 82 shares stake. Swiss National Bank & Trust holds 470,185 shares or 0.2% of its portfolio. Banque Pictet Cie Sa reported 0.03% of its portfolio in Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA). The Pennsylvania-based Glenmede Trust Na has invested 0.01% in Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA). Point72 Asia (Hong Kong) has 188 shares. Moreover, Parus (Uk) has 1% invested in Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) for 15,577 shares. Matthew Knauer increased its stake in Tesla Inc (Call) (TSLA) by 24.97% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC. Nokota Management Lp bought 75,000 shares as the company’s stock rose 14.18% with the market. The hedge fund run by Matthew Knauer held 375,400 shares of the capital goods company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $135.75 million, up from 300,400 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Nokota Management Lp who had been investing in Tesla Inc (Call) for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $53.25B market cap company. The stock increased 0.40% or $1.26 during the last trading session, reaching $316.81. About 707 shares traded. Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) has risen 44.43% since November 28, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 27.73% the S&P500.






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


Nokota Management Lp, which manages about $1.60B and $3.53 billion US Long portfolio, decreased its stake in Jd Com Inc (NASDAQ:JD) by 440,000 shares to 385,000 shares, valued at $15.10M in 2017Q2, according to the filing. It also reduced its holding in Caesars Acquisition Co (NASDAQ:CACQ) by 209,577 shares in the quarter, leaving it with 2.28 million shares, and cut its stake in Liberty Interactive Corp. 
 Matthew Knauer increased its stake in Tesla Inc (Call) (TSLA) by 24.97% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC. Nokota Management Lp bought 75,000 shares as the company’s stock rose 14.18% with the market. The hedge fund run by Matthew Knauer held 375,400 shares of the capital goods company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $135.75 million, up from 300,400 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Nokota Management Lp who had been investing in Tesla Inc (Call) for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $53.25B market cap company. The stock increased 0.40% or $1.26 during the last trading session, reaching $316.81. About 707 shares traded. Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) has risen 44.43% since November 28, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 27.73% the S&P500. Nokota Management Lp, which manages about $1.60B and $3.53 billion US Long portfolio, decreased its stake in Jd Com Inc (NASDAQ:JD) by 440,000 shares to 385,000 shares, valued at $15.10M in 2017Q2, according to the filing. It also reduced its holding in Caesars Acquisition Co (NASDAQ:CACQ) by 209,577 shares in the quarter, leaving it with 2.28 million shares, and cut its stake in Liberty Interactive Corp.  

http://theriponadvance.com/price-target-estimates-for-tesla-motors-inc-tsla-3/121138845/

Trading Statistics: Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) closed its previous trading session at $316.81 with the gain of 0.4%. The company’s market cap is $52.75 Billion, and the average volume is 5.93 Million. The Price to Sales (P/S) ratio of the stock is 4.9, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 11.25. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 2.53% whereas Month Volatility is at 3.09%. Earnings Forecast: An earnings forecast is an analyst’s outlook for a company’s future quarterly or annual earnings. Future earnings predictions are perhaps the most essential input when trying to value a company. 18 analysts on average are expecting Tesla Motors, Inc. to report earnings of $-3.07 per share for the current quarter. The Lower end of the earnings estimate is $-4.03, while the higher end of the earnings estimate is $-2.01. Comparatively, TSLA posted earnings of $-0.03 per share in the same quarter, a year earlier. Revenue Forecast: Analysts’ ultimate objective when projecting revenue is to determine the appropriate value for a stock. 17 analysts on average are expecting the company to report revenue of $3.32 Billion for the current quarter. The Higher end of the revenue forecast is $3.75 Billion, while the Lower end of the forecast is $3.14 Billion. TSLA generated revenue of $2.87 Billion in the same quarter, one year ago. Price Target Estimates: Price targets show what analysts believes a stock will be worth at the end of a certain time period. Price Target plays a critical role when it comes to the analysis of a Stock. Analysts on average have given a price target of $316 to Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) stock. (According to data compiled by finviz) Simple Moving Average Analysis: Moving average is significant analytical tool used to discover current price trends and the possibility for a change in an established trend. Simple moving average analysis helps investors to quickly identify if a security is in an uptrend or downtrend. According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at 1.61 percent, SMA50 is -5.65 percent, while SMA200 is -1.92 percent. Return on Assets (ROA) Analysis: ROA ratio indicates how profitable a company is relative to its total assets. The return on assets ratio shows how well management is employing the company’s total assets to make a profit. The bigger the return, the more efficient management is in utilizing its asset base. The ROA ratio is calculated by comparing net income to average total assets, and is expressed as a percentage. Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) currently has a Return on Assets (ROA) value of -5.5 Percent. Return on Investment (ROI) Analysis: Return on Investment measures the amount of return on an investment relative to the investment’s cost. The Return on Investment (ROI) ratio of Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) is -5.8 percent. Return on Equity (ROE) Analysis: ROE ratio is a measure of profitability which calculates how much dollars of profit a firm makes with every dollar of stakeholder’s equity. An increasing ROE indicates that a company is improving its ability to make profit without requiring as much capital. Usually, the ROE ratio’s between 12-15 percent are considered desirable. The Return on Equity ratio of Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) is -28.8 percent, according to data compiled by Finviz Analysts Ratings: A stock rating usually tells investors how well a stock’s market value relates to what analysts think is a fair value for the stock, based on an independent evaluation of the company. According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Finviz, the company has a consensus recommendation of 2.8 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Buy and 5 means Sell. Analyst Recommendation And Revisions: Tesla Motors, Inc. was covered by a number of analysts recently, 4 rated the stock as Buy, 8 rated Hold, 2 rated sell and 5 gave an Underperform. Stock Price Analysis: The purpose of a stock price analysis is to study the behaviour of stock prices. It helps investors in determining whether buying, selling or holding on to a stock would be beneficial for them. Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) stock price rose 61.1 percent over the past one year, while decreased -5.46 percent during the past 6 months. The stock plummeted -2.87 percent over the past month and rose 48.26 percent year-to-date. The stock’s quarterly performance represents pessimistic momentum of -8.35 percent. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://stocknews.com/news/tsla-tesla-inc-tsla-is-officially-promising-the-impossible/

TSLA – Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s bold claims about its new semi truck and Roadster sports car will be nearly impossible to live up to. Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk has a long history of making bold claims about his company’s products. Ever the showman, his bombastic prognostications can sometimes lean toward style over substance — or even outright fabrication. As Bloomberg reports, Musk’s latest claims about Tesla’s new semi truck appear to be completely impossible to achieve in the real world: Take the Tesla Semi: Musk vowed it would haul an unprecedented 80,000 pounds for 500 miles on a single charge, then recharge 400 miles of range in 30 minutes. That would require, based on Bloomberg estimates, a charging system that’s 10 times more powerful than one of the fastest battery-charging networks on the road today—Tesla’s own Superchargers.  With the truck due out in 2019 (don’t hold your breath for the company to meet that deadline), that would mean Tesla has about two years to come up with such a battery charging system. While doubling charging output could be realistic in that timeframe, ten times the power? That’s not going to happen. Tesla’s new Roadster sportscar, too, would require the impossible — at least by current standards. To be the fastest production car ever build — which Musk says it will be — it would need a battery twice as powerful as the current title holder, and it would need to be shoehorned into the tiny car’s diminutive frame. These claims are so far beyond current industry standards for electric vehicles that they would require either advances in battery technology or a new understanding of how batteries are put to use, said Sam Jaffe, battery analyst for Cairn Energy Research in Boulder, Colorado. In some cases, experts suspect Tesla might be banking on technological improvements between now and the time when new vehicles are actually ready for delivery. While Jaffe said he doesn’t believe Musk was lying, he does believe the executive is leaving a lot out of the equation. The numbers don’t work right now, but if the company is working on some incredible leap in battery technology, it’s possible — however unlikely — to meet those goals. Tesla Inc shares fell $0.61 (-0.19%) in premarket trading Tuesday. Year-to-date, TSLA has gained 48.26%, versus a 18.08% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. TSLA currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of C (Neutral), and is ranked #14 of 24 stocks in the Auto & Vehicle Manufacturers category. 

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/27/tesla-inc-tsla-stake-increased-by-sei-investments-co.html


					Posted by David on Nov 27th, 2017 // No Comments  Sei Investments Co. boosted its holdings in  Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) by 62.1% in the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 81,960 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock after buying an additional 31,400 shares during the period. Sei Investments Co.’s holdings in Tesla were worth $27,957,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.  A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of TSLA. Pittenger & Anderson Inc. grew its position in shares of  Tesla by 20.0% during the second quarter. Pittenger & Anderson Inc. now owns 300 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $108,000 after purchasing an additional 50 shares in the last quarter.  Winfield Associates Inc. grew its position in shares of  Tesla by 85.2% during the second quarter. Winfield Associates Inc. now owns 326 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $118,000 after purchasing an additional 150 shares in the last quarter.  North Star Investment Management Corp. grew its position in shares of  Tesla by 2.8% during the second quarter. North Star Investment Management Corp. now owns 336 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $122,000 after purchasing an additional 9 shares in the last quarter.  Carroll Financial Associates Inc. grew its position in shares of  Tesla by 8.7% during the second quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 349 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $126,000 after purchasing an additional 28 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Cornerstone Advisors Inc. grew its position in shares of  Tesla by 2.3% during the second quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. now owns 402 shares of the electric vehicle producer’s stock valued at $145,000 after purchasing an additional 9 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  55.71% of the company’s stock.  Shares of Tesla Inc (TSLA) traded up $1.26 during midday trading on Monday, reaching $316.81. 4,552,948 shares of the company’s stock traded hands, compared to its average volume of 6,412,690. The company has a quick ratio of 0.71, a current ratio of 1.09 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.66. Tesla Inc has a twelve month low of $180.00 and a twelve month high of $389.61.  Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November 1st. The electric vehicle producer reported ($2.92) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($3.09) by $0.17. The business had revenue of $2.99 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.94 billion. Tesla had a negative net margin of 13.09% and a negative return on equity of 24.88%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 29.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.71 earnings per share.  sell-side analysts predict that  Tesla Inc will post -11.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  A number of research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Robert W. Baird  restated an “outperform” rating and set a $368.00 price objective on shares of Tesla in a research report on Thursday, August 3rd. Argus upgraded Tesla from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $355.17 to $444.00 in a research report on Tuesday, August 8th. Sanford C. Bernstein  set a $265.00 price objective on Tesla and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, November 13th. Barclays PLC  restated a “sell” rating on shares of Tesla in a research report on Sunday, October 15th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada cut their price objective on Tesla from $345.00 to $340.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, November 2nd. Ten investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned  a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $329.87. In other Tesla news, Director Kimbal Musk sold 2,190 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, September 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $355.20, for a total value of $777,888.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 158,584 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $56,329,036.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, VP Eric Branderiz sold 99 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, September 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $350.12, for a total transaction of $34,661.88. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 10,741 shares of company stock valued at $3,579,311. 23.10% of the stock is owned by insiders.  TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was  posted by StockNewsTimes and is owned by of StockNewsTimes. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/27/tesla-inc-tsla-stake-increased-by-sei-investments-co.html.  Tesla Profile Tesla, Inc, formerly Tesla Motors, Inc, designs, develops, manufactures and sells fully electric vehicles, and energy storage systems, as well as installs, operates and maintains solar and energy storage products. The Company operates through two segments: Automotive, and Energy generation and storage.   Receive News & Ratings for Tesla Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesla Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://fortune.com/2017/11/22/tesla-bitcoin-cash-burn-model-3/

It’s no secret that Tesla is burning through a lot of money at the moment—with the firm having only just increased its debut bond deal to finance production of the troubled Model 3, analysts are now warning that it will need to go looking for extra money to fund its other projects. But as for how quickly it’s burning cash, Bloomberg has come up with a startling figure: $8,000 a minute. That’s almost a bitcoin’s worth (the current value is $8,285) every 60 seconds, or $480,000 an hour. If Tesla (tsla) doesn’t bring in fresh funding, Bloomberg noted, its reserves will run dry in early August next year. That’s even slightly ahead of UBS’s recent prediction that the depletion would take four quarters. Tesla’s most recent gambit is to demand full upfront payments for the first 1,000 units of its upcoming Roadster sports car—a $250,000 car that may only be delivered in 2020. If it succeeds, that would be a handy $250 million to add to the pot, but probably not enough. The Model 3 is going through what Tesla CEO Elon Musk has called “production hell” due to bottlenecks in battery module assembly, apparently thanks to a systems integration subcontractor “dropping the ball.” The $35,000 Model 3 is the closest thing Tesla has got to its dream of electric cars for the masses, so it really needs to sell a lot of them if it is to recoup its $1 billion-per-quarter investment and finance other projects, such as the Roadster and the Tesla Semi truck. 

