https://qz.com/1117672/apple-is-about-to-show-that-it-doesnt-need-a-new-iphone-to-bring-in-a-boatload-of-cash/

Apple has been on a tear in recent quarters, returning to growth, and finding massive revenue streams beyond the all-consuming iPhone. After posting $45.4 billion in revenue last quarter—a gain of 7% over the same quarter last year—Apple’s stock has soared. Every single one of its businesses—the iPhone, the iPad, Mac computers, services, and its miscellaneous “Other products” bucket—is now the size of a Fortune 500 company. There’s no indication that the company will slow down anytime soon. Apple will report its fourth-quarter earnings (its fiscal year ends in September) after the market closes on Nov. 2, and Wall Street is expecting another bumper quarter. Analysts polled by FactSet estimated that Apple’s revenue for the quarter will be around $50.7 billion, which would be an 8% increase over the $46.9 billion it generated in the same quarter in 2016. The overwhelming majority of Apple’s revenue—at least 50% of its sales every quarter for the last four years—comes from iPhone sales. This quarter is generally a relatively fallow one for Apple, as it’s the last quarter before the holiday season. For the last nine years it’s also been the last quarter before  a new iPhone has been on sale, meaning many people will hold off buying new phones until the latest ones are available. Apple’s iPhone 8 and 8 Plus went on sale Sept. 22 in the US, so we’ll likely get an update about how the first weekend of sales went, but Apple’s newest flagship phone, the iPhone X, does not debut in stores until Nov. 3, although it was announced at the same time as the 8. Expect CEO Tim Cook to give some immeasurable platitude (like “best weekend yet!” or “off the charts!”) about how the pre-orders went for the iPhone X. The real test will be how Apple fares in the quarter, given that iPhone sales are traditionally slow. Its services business, which comprises sales of AppleCare, music, apps, and movies, as well as iCloud and Apple Music subscriptions, has been on a tear in recent quarters, generating $21.5 billion through the first three quarters of the year, up 19% from the $18 billion in the same period the year before. Look to see how resilient this sector is this quarter to gauge how well Apple is keeping customers locked into its ecosystem, beyond cyclical hardware purchases. It’s also worth checking how Apple is faring outside of its home territory of the Americas. Major growth areas, such as China and India, have not proven to be quite the boon the company was expecting for a combination of regulatory and socio-economic reasons. Look to see whether Apple has started to crack selling its more affordable (read: older) models in India, and whether China can retake from Europe its place as Apple’s second-largest region. Other areas of growth for Apple can come from the rest of its product stable. This past quarter was when students generally return to school in many of Apple’s markets, so look to see whether there’s been any uptick in tablet or computer sales, and whether the iPad Pro has been as much of a hit with consumers as it was with reviewers. The same can be said for Apple’s “other products” bucket, which includes sales of Beats headphones, AirPods, (increasingly few) iPods, Apple Watches, and other accessories. Apple released a new Apple Watch along with its new iPhones in September, so it likely won’t have affected this bucket much, but it’s entirely possible that customers wanted to get out and be more active as the summer months waned, picking up new wearables and headphones to track their fitness. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/will-apples-aapl-services-continue-its-good-run-in-q4-cm869676

  Apple Inc  's AAPL  Services segment, which includes revenues from Internet Services, App store, Apple Music, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing and other services, is in top gear. Revenues from this segment are now equal to that of a Fortune 100 company. In the third quarter, revenues from this segment grew 22% to $7.3 billion, representing 16% of the total revenues and were second only to iPhone. However, the difference in revenue share is huge. The iPhone segment contributed 54.6% to revenues in the third quarter. This indicates that the Services Segment has more room to run as Apple has created a very tight ecosystem between its hardware and software. People using/buying iPhones, iPads and other Apple hardware will eventually be exposed to Apple's services and this spells big opportunity.   Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise        Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Apple Inc. Quote  Much of the growth comes from App Store and this quarter isn't   going to be any different. Given the release of    iOS 11    , App Store revenues are expected to benefit owing to its   complete revamp. There is now a dedicated games tab on the App   Store. Apple Music has also seen phenomenal growth with over 30   million subscribers. In fact, the number of paid subscriptions   across Services segment is now more than 185 million.  Apple Inc. Revenue (TTM)          Apple Inc. Revenue (TTM)    |      Apple Inc. Quote  Apple Pay is another catalyst. The company, in the last   reported quarter, claimed that Apple Pay is the number one NFC   payment service on mobiles, comprising 90% share of overall   transactions. Apple Pay is available in 16 markets. The app now   features peer-to-peer payments services. For the fourth quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for   revenues from iTunes, Software and Services is $7.61 billion, up   20.4% from the actual figure reported in the prior-year   quarter. Apple is scheduled to report its fourth-quarter 2017 earnings   on Nov 2 after market close. At present, Apple carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can   see     the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)     stocks here.   Stay tuned as we bring you more on Apple ahead of the upcoming   earnings announcement.  Stocks to Consider  Here are some stocks that, as per our model, have the right   combination of elements to post an earnings beat this   quarter: Alibaba Group Holding Limited   BABA    with an Earnings ESP of +2.52% and a Zacks Rank #3. Kemet Corp.   KEM    with an Earnings ESP of +7.46% and a Zacks Rank #1. NVIDIA Corp.   NVDA    with an Earnings ESP of +0.53% and a Zacks Rank #1.  More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the     iPhone!  It could become the mother of all technological revolutions.   Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new   breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices   in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market. Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this   fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of   it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.   Click here for the 6 trades >>      Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA): Free Stock Analysis Report   Apple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report   Kemet Corporation (KEM): Free Stock Analysis Report   NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research   Apple Inc  's AAPL  Services segment, which includes revenues from Internet Services, App store, Apple Music, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing and other services, is in top gear. Revenues from this segment are now equal to that of a Fortune 100 company. In the third quarter, revenues from this segment grew 22% to $7.3 billion, representing 16% of the total revenues and were second only to iPhone. However, the difference in revenue share is huge. The iPhone segment contributed 54.6% to revenues in the third quarter. This indicates that the Services Segment has more room to run as Apple has created a very tight ecosystem between its hardware and software. People using/buying iPhones, iPads and other Apple hardware will eventually be exposed to Apple's services and this spells big opportunity.   Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise        Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Apple Inc. Quote  Much of the growth comes from App Store and this quarter isn't   going to be any different. Given the release of    iOS 11    , App Store revenues are expected to benefit owing to its   complete revamp. There is now a dedicated games tab on the App   Store. Apple Music has also seen phenomenal growth with over 30   million subscribers. In fact, the number of paid subscriptions   across Services segment is now more than 185 million.  Apple Inc. Revenue (TTM)    Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise        Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Apple Inc. Quote  Much of the growth comes from App Store and this quarter isn't   going to be any different. Given the release of    iOS 11    , App Store revenues are expected to benefit owing to its   complete revamp. There is now a dedicated games tab on the App   Store. Apple Music has also seen phenomenal growth with over 30   million subscribers. In fact, the number of paid subscriptions   across Services segment is now more than 185 million.  Apple Inc. Revenue (TTM)         Apple Inc. Revenue (TTM)    |      Apple Inc. Quote  Apple Pay is another catalyst. The company, in the last   reported quarter, claimed that Apple Pay is the number one NFC   payment service on mobiles, comprising 90% share of overall   transactions. Apple Pay is available in 16 markets. The app now   features peer-to-peer payments services. For the fourth quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for   revenues from iTunes, Software and Services is $7.61 billion, up   20.4% from the actual figure reported in the prior-year   quarter. Apple is scheduled to report its fourth-quarter 2017 earnings   on Nov 2 after market close. At present, Apple carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can   see     the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)     stocks here.   Stay tuned as we bring you more on Apple ahead of the upcoming   earnings announcement.  Stocks to Consider  Here are some stocks that, as per our model, have the right   combination of elements to post an earnings beat this   quarter: Alibaba Group Holding Limited   BABA    with an Earnings ESP of +2.52% and a Zacks Rank #3. Kemet Corp.   KEM    with an Earnings ESP of +7.46% and a Zacks Rank #1. NVIDIA Corp.   NVDA    with an Earnings ESP of +0.53% and a Zacks Rank #1.  More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the     iPhone!  It could become the mother of all technological revolutions.   Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new   breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices   in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market. Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this   fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of   it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.   Click here for the 6 trades >>          Apple Inc. Revenue (TTM)    |      Apple Inc. Quote  Apple Pay is another catalyst. The company, in the last   reported quarter, claimed that Apple Pay is the number one NFC   payment service on mobiles, comprising 90% share of overall   transactions. Apple Pay is available in 16 markets. The app now   features peer-to-peer payments services. For the fourth quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for   revenues from iTunes, Software and Services is $7.61 billion, up   20.4% from the actual figure reported in the prior-year   quarter. Apple is scheduled to report its fourth-quarter 2017 earnings   on Nov 2 after market close. At present, Apple carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). You can   see     the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)     stocks here.   Stay tuned as we bring you more on Apple ahead of the upcoming   earnings announcement.  Stocks to Consider  Here are some stocks that, as per our model, have the right   combination of elements to post an earnings beat this   quarter: Alibaba Group Holding Limited   BABA    with an Earnings ESP of +2.52% and a Zacks Rank #3. Kemet Corp.   KEM    with an Earnings ESP of +7.46% and a Zacks Rank #1. NVIDIA Corp.   NVDA    with an Earnings ESP of +0.53% and a Zacks Rank #1.  More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the     iPhone!  It could become the mother of all technological revolutions.   Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new   breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices   in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market. Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this   fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of   it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.   Click here for the 6 trades >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://qz.com/1117672/apple-is-about-to-show-that-it-doesnt-need-a-new-iphone-to-bring-in-a-boatload-of-cash/

Apple has been on a tear in recent quarters, returning to growth, and finding massive revenue streams beyond the all-consuming iPhone. After posting $45.4 billion in revenue last quarter—a gain of 7% over the same quarter last year—Apple’s stock has soared. Every single one of its businesses—the iPhone, the iPad, Mac computers, services, and its miscellaneous “Other products” bucket—is now the size of a Fortune 500 company. There’s no indication that the company will slow down anytime soon. Apple will report its fourth-quarter earnings (its fiscal year ends in September) after the market closes on Nov. 2, and Wall Street is expecting another bumper quarter. Analysts polled by FactSet estimated that Apple’s revenue for the quarter will be around $50.7 billion, which would be an 8% increase over the $46.9 billion it generated in the same quarter in 2016. The overwhelming majority of Apple’s revenue—at least 50% of its sales every quarter for the last four years—comes from iPhone sales. This quarter is generally a relatively fallow one for Apple, as it’s the last quarter before the holiday season. For the last nine years it’s also been the last quarter before  a new iPhone has been on sale, meaning many people will hold off buying new phones until the latest ones are available. Apple’s iPhone 8 and 8 Plus went on sale Sept. 22 in the US, so we’ll likely get an update about how the first weekend of sales went, but Apple’s newest flagship phone, the iPhone X, does not debut in stores until Nov. 3, although it was announced at the same time as the 8. Expect CEO Tim Cook to give some immeasurable platitude (like “best weekend yet!” or “off the charts!”) about how the pre-orders went for the iPhone X. The real test will be how Apple fares in the quarter, given that iPhone sales are traditionally slow. Its services business, which comprises sales of AppleCare, music, apps, and movies, as well as iCloud and Apple Music subscriptions, has been on a tear in recent quarters, generating $21.5 billion through the first three quarters of the year, up 19% from the $18 billion in the same period the year before. Look to see how resilient this sector is this quarter to gauge how well Apple is keeping customers locked into its ecosystem, beyond cyclical hardware purchases. It’s also worth checking how Apple is faring outside of its home territory of the Americas. Major growth areas, such as China and India, have not proven to be quite the boon the company was expecting for a combination of regulatory and socio-economic reasons. Look to see whether Apple has started to crack selling its more affordable (read: older) models in India, and whether China can retake from Europe its place as Apple’s second-largest region. Other areas of growth for Apple can come from the rest of its product stable. This past quarter was when students generally return to school in many of Apple’s markets, so look to see whether there’s been any uptick in tablet or computer sales, and whether the iPad Pro has been as much of a hit with consumers as it was with reviewers. The same can be said for Apple’s “other products” bucket, which includes sales of Beats headphones, AirPods, (increasingly few) iPods, Apple Watches, and other accessories. Apple released a new Apple Watch along with its new iPhones in September, so it likely won’t have affected this bucket much, but it’s entirely possible that customers wanted to get out and be more active as the summer months waned, picking up new wearables and headphones to track their fitness. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/apple-inc-aapl-stock-price-earnings-report-important/

The Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) earnings report on Thursday afternoon is a big one, for a number of reasons. Most obviously, the AAPL share price is just off an all-time high after a sizzling 44% gain year-to-date. Obviously, Apple stockholders would like to see an earnings beat that keeps that run going. From a broader standpoint, the report looks key as well. Apple is going to detail iPhone X sales and orders, which in turn will have an impact on fiscal 2018 estimates from the Street. Full-year results in the Services segment, a key driver in Apple’s efforts to diversify away from the iPhone, will show whether CEO Tim Cook’s goal of doubling those sales by fiscal 2020 remains intact. And investors should receive some color, if not outright answers to a number of key strategic questions as well. In all, there are a number of key questions investors will be looking to answer. Starting with… There has been some good news and bad news related to the iPhone X launch. The good news — which investors of late have seen as more than good enough — is that orders look strong, with the pre-order stock sold out within hours. The bad news is that it remains unclear when those ordered phones actually will ship. Reports of supply delays have swirled for months, with an analyst saying last month that few would be available before the beginning of 2018. Lack of supply over the holidays could open the door for the Pixel 2 from Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL), though that product has had a bumpy launch of its own. At this point, I would think the market will take any news regarding the iPhone X mostly in stride. Investors expect some type of delay. At least from recent trading, they don’t expect that delay will impact long-term demand. Unless those issues are much, much greater than believed — or Apple’s supply chain somehow delivers a positive surprise — I expect iPhone X supply issues will be of more interest to consumers than investors. An under-covered concern for the AAPL stock price is its performance in China. Back in June, InvestorPlace columnist Tom Taulli asked if the company was becoming the BlackBerry Ltd (NYSE:BB) of China. Through the first three quarters, revenues in that key market are down 12%. With the U.S. largely saturated from a hardware perspective, China is a key growth market for Apple. And yet the company continues to lose market share to in-country manufacturers like Huawei. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/apple-inc-aapl-stock-price-earnings-report-important/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.kiplinger.com/article/investing/T058-C008-S001-apple-aapl-fourth-quarter-earnings-preview-iphone.html

Thursday’s Apple earnings report should provide hints about demand for the new iPhone 8 and upcoming iPhone X. 
Getty Images
 



By Kyle Woodley, Senior Investing Editor
            

November 1, 2017       
Apple (AAPL, $169.04) euphoria is at a fever pitch. Consumers are anxiously waiting for Friday, when Apple will make its first deliveries of the iPhone X – the sky-high-priced 10th anniversary edition of the company’s ubiquitous smartphone. Meanwhile, investors have driven AAPL shares 7% higher in just one week in the run-up to Thursday evening’s report for the company’s fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30. Apple (AAPL, $169.04) euphoria is at a fever pitch. Consumers are anxiously waiting for Friday, when Apple will make its first deliveries of the iPhone X – the sky-high-priced 10th anniversary edition of the company’s ubiquitous smartphone. Meanwhile, investors have driven AAPL shares 7% higher in just one week in the run-up to Thursday evening’s report for the company’s fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30. 

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/11/10258694/apple-q4-earnings-preview-record-run-continues-amid-sol

Apple Inc.  (NASDAQ: AAPL) investors are in for a treat, given expectations concerning a strong September quarter and the momentum around its tenth anniversary iPhone. The company is scheduled to release its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings after Thursday's market close. The consensus estimates for the quarter call for earnings of $1.87 per share on revenues of $50.79 billion. In the year-ago quarter, the company reported earnings of $1.50 per share and revenues of $46.85 billion. The consensus earnings per share estimate hasn't moved much over the past 60 days, although it has gone higher from the $1.18 estimated 90 days ago. Loup Ventures' Gene Munster said the three key numbers to watch include iPhone unit shipments, estimated at 46 million by the Street; Services growth, forecast at 19 percent; and gross margin, expected to be at 38 percent. Related Link:  Game Of Phones: Apple Bulls Predict The 2018 iPhone Average Selling Price   Meanwhile, Loup Ventures estimates iPhone shipments of 47.3 million, Services growth of 17 percent and gross margin, in line with Street estimate. Apple's share of the U.S. smartphone market is estimated at 43.9 percent in 2017 compared to Android's 52.8 percent share, according to eMarketer. The firm expects the dominance of Android to continue through 2019. Apple  reported fiscal-year third-quarter adjusted earnings per share of $1.67 and revenues of $45.4 billion, both of which were ahead of expectations. The  company's cash cow, the iPhone,  sold 41.03 million units, also surpassing estimates. IPhone revenues came in at $24.85 billion, or roughly 54 percent of the total sales, with the ASP at $605.65. On a year-over-year basis, iPhone unit shipments grew 2 percent and dollar revenues increased 3 percent. The performance of the company's Services business stood out, clocking 22 percent year-over-year sales growth to $7.3 billion. Reacting to the quarterly results, the stock climbed to a then-record closing high of $156.53. Related Link:  Apple-Qualcomm News Shakes These 7 Stocks  On Sept. 12,  Apple  unveiled the much awaited tenth anniversary iPhone X, along with the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. The iPhone X, with its new design, all-screen display, wireless charging and a rear camera with dual-option image stabilization, was made available for preorder Oct. 27. The iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus were available beginning Sept. 22. Apple also released  iOS 11,  its advanced mobile operating system, during the quarter. Munster said the focus on the earnings call is likely to be commentary about iPhone X pre-orders (based on nearly a week's data on pre-orders). "Our bet is that Apple will address the critical iPhone X demand question and direct investors to think about iPhone X demand as similar to iPhone 8," Munster said. For the fiscal first quarter, encompassing the key holiday selling season, analysts estimate earnings per share of $3.77 and revenues of $85.31 billion. Meanwhile, Loup Ventures estimates December quarter revenues of $81.2 billion, iPhone unit shipments of 76.7 million, Service segment growth of 19 percent and gross margin of 38 percent. The Street estimates fiscal-year 2018 earnings of $11.17 per share and revenues of $266.91 billion. Apple shares have been on a tear, riding on the iPhone momentum. Over the past year, shares have risen roughly 49 percent, and in the year-to-date period, they have added 46 percent. Average analysts' rating for Apple shares is Buy and the average price target is $175.19. 
View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
 Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings News Guidance Previews Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 

https://stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/01/taking-a-fresh-look-at-apple-inc-aapl-7/

Apple Inc. (AAPL) is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Electronic Equipment. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $169.04, up from yesterday’s close by 1.39%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis No amount of research is complete without a bird’s eye view of the financial data. Apple Inc. (AAPL) currently trades with a market capitalization of $878.18 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 7.20 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For AAPL, the company currently has $17.68 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $18.48 Billion current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $51.51 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $1.87 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 61.98% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis Sometimes, we can understand most about a stock by simply looking at how it has been trading. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Apple Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $168.07. It is now trading -0.97% off that level. The stock is trading $158.30 its 50-day moving average by -10.74%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $104.08. In recent action, Apple Inc. (AAPL) has made a move of +9.43% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 22.64, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.66% with $5.16 Billion sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of AAPL. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/apple-inc-aapl-stock-price-earnings-report-important/

The Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) earnings report on Thursday afternoon is a big one, for a number of reasons. Most obviously, the AAPL share price is just off an all-time high after a sizzling 44% gain year-to-date. Obviously, Apple stockholders would like to see an earnings beat that keeps that run going. From a broader standpoint, the report looks key as well. Apple is going to detail iPhone X sales and orders, which in turn will have an impact on fiscal 2018 estimates from the Street. Full-year results in the Services segment, a key driver in Apple’s efforts to diversify away from the iPhone, will show whether CEO Tim Cook’s goal of doubling those sales by fiscal 2020 remains intact. And investors should receive some color, if not outright answers to a number of key strategic questions as well. In all, there are a number of key questions investors will be looking to answer. Starting with… There has been some good news and bad news related to the iPhone X launch. The good news — which investors of late have seen as more than good enough — is that orders look strong, with the pre-order stock sold out within hours. The bad news is that it remains unclear when those ordered phones actually will ship. Reports of supply delays have swirled for months, with an analyst saying last month that few would be available before the beginning of 2018. Lack of supply over the holidays could open the door for the Pixel 2 from Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL), though that product has had a bumpy launch of its own. At this point, I would think the market will take any news regarding the iPhone X mostly in stride. Investors expect some type of delay. At least from recent trading, they don’t expect that delay will impact long-term demand. Unless those issues are much, much greater than believed — or Apple’s supply chain somehow delivers a positive surprise — I expect iPhone X supply issues will be of more interest to consumers than investors. An under-covered concern for the AAPL stock price is its performance in China. Back in June, InvestorPlace columnist Tom Taulli asked if the company was becoming the BlackBerry Ltd (NYSE:BB) of China. Through the first three quarters, revenues in that key market are down 12%. With the U.S. largely saturated from a hardware perspective, China is a key growth market for Apple. And yet the company continues to lose market share to in-country manufacturers like Huawei. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/apple-inc-aapl-stock-price-earnings-report-important/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/apple-aapl-4th-quarter-earnings-what-to-expect-cm870101

Apple earnings (Shutterstock photo) Apple (AAPL) is set to report fourth quarter fiscal 2017 earnings results after the closing bell Thursday. The Cupertino-based tech giant, which has beaten Wall Street earnings per share estimates in five straight quarters, has made investors tons of money this year, putting up some 46% stock gains, including almost 13% over the past three months. The rising stock price, which posted an all-time high close of $169.04 on Tuesday, suggests Wall Street expects Apple, fresh of its biggest product cycle in three years, to deliver on both the top and bottom lines Thursday. In the three months that ended September, Wall Street expects Apple to report earnings per share of $1.87, up from $1.50 a year ago, on revenue of revenue of $50.79 billion, which would rise 8.4% year over year. For the full year, earnings are expected to rise 7.2% year over year to $9.00 per share, while full-year revenue of $227.41 billion would rise 5.5% year over year. But unlike previous quarters, the headline numbers alone won’t be what drives Apple stock. While the company has announced a number of new products this quarter, there are concerns that its tenth-anniversary product, the iPhone X (pronounced ten), could be in short supply for the all-important holiday shopping season. Analysts have cited channel checks, inventory and manufacturing data from Apple’s parts suppliers as reasons for the possible iPhone X shortage. The company will reportedly ship about 20 million iPhone X units this year, according to Nikkei Asian Review, which has a good track record of reporting on matters related to Apple. While that numbers sounds like a lot, it would be about 50% below what Apple originally planned to ship. Plus, those units alone could hamper next fiscal year’s revenue total by more than $20 billion. To be sure, Apple, which last Friday began offering iPhone X pre-orders slated to ship in November, hasn’t confirmed these reports regarding delays. But within minutes of the pre-order window, the company was forced to push back shipments to as late as December. The company said that iPhone X demand, which starts at $999 and averages for about $1,074, was “off the charts.” But on Thursday how the management guides for the first quarter would indicate the extent Apple can overcome production challenges. Elsewhere, there will also be plenty of attention placed on the Apple’s Services business, which grew 22% to $7.3 billion in the third quarter, topping forecasts of $7.05 billion. Services revenue, which includes Apple Music, the App Store, iCloud, Apple Care and Apple Pay, has not only grown to become Apple's second-largest business segment, it also delivers higher profit margins, making Apple less reliant on iPhones. On Thursday analysts will gauge to see the extent Services growth can continue to accelerate. Apple shares, which have a consensus Buy rating and $175 price target, currently trade for around $169. The stock could be volatile based on the forward guidance, but long-term investors who are willing to be patient should prepare to buy on any pullback as the stock is a sure bet to reach $200 in next 12 to 18 months. 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://weeklyhub.com/as-apple-inc-aapl-stock-rose-rmb-capital-management-llc-has-increased-holding/



					

						November 2, 2017 - By reb123z
 Investors sentiment increased to 0.68 in 2017 Q2. Its up 0.04, from 0.64 in 2017Q1. It increased, as 62 investors sold AAPL shares while 1068 reduced holdings. 129 funds opened positions while 634 raised stakes. 3.06 billion shares or 2.38% less from 3.13 billion shares in 2017Q1 were reported. Destination Wealth Mngmt accumulated 302,576 shares. Beck Cap Management Limited Liability Company owns 10,080 shares or 0.75% of their US portfolio. Veritas Investment Mgmt (Uk) Ltd invested 0.1% of its portfolio in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Westend Ltd Liability Co invested in 369,755 shares. Impact Advisors Limited Liability Corporation holds 1.4% of its portfolio in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) for 21,398 shares. Gateway Advisory Ltd Liability Company owns 2,860 shares or 0.13% of their US portfolio. Gratry & Co Limited Co accumulated 3,632 shares or 0.64% of the stock. 78,238 are held by Tokio Marine Asset Mngmt. Hm Mngmt Ltd Com invested 0.49% in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). State Of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D invested in 3.08% or 5.20M shares. Palo Cap reported 25,974 shares stake. Telos Capital Mgmt, California-based fund reported 58,224 shares. Iberiabank Corporation has 19,282 shares. Crestpoint Capital Mgmt Limited Com holds 29,800 shares. Oregon Pub Employees Retirement Fund invested in 4.16% or 1.70M shares. Since May 4, 2017, it had 0 insider buys, and 9 selling transactions for $33.65 million activity. 10,019 shares valued at $1.54 million were sold by Srouji Johny on Thursday, May 25. 4,757 shares were sold by Maestri Luca, worth $735,898 on Friday, June 2. Another trade for 25,377 shares valued at $3.91 million was made by AHRENDTS ANGELA J on Tuesday, May 9. Cue Eduardo H had sold 45,000 shares worth $6.92M on Monday, May 22. 67,500 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares with value of $10.04 million were sold by SEWELL D BRUCE. Shares for $9.91 million were sold by FEDERIGHI CRAIG. Rmb Capital Management Llc increased its stake in Apple Inc (AAPL) by 11.97% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC. Rmb Capital Management Llc bought 35,720 shares as the company’s stock rose 12.78% with the market. The hedge fund held 334,031 shares of the computer manufacturing company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $48.11 million, up from 298,311 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Rmb Capital Management Llc who had been investing in Apple Inc for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $862.02B market cap company. It closed at $166.89 lastly. It is down 62.48% since November 2, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 45.78% the S&P500.
Rmb Capital Management Llc, which manages about $3.98B and $3.49B US Long portfolio, decreased its stake in Bank New York Mellon Corp (Put) (NYSE:BK) by 272,000 shares to 112,000 shares, valued at $5.71 million in 2017Q2, according to the filing. It also reduced its holding in Allstate Corp (NYSE:ALL) by 78,234 shares in the quarter, leaving it with 17,766 shares, and cut its stake in Spdr S&P 500 Etf Tr (Put) (SPY). 
 Rmb Capital Management Llc increased its stake in Apple Inc (AAPL) by 11.97% based on its latest 2017Q2 regulatory filing with the SEC. Rmb Capital Management Llc bought 35,720 shares as the company’s stock rose 12.78% with the market. The hedge fund held 334,031 shares of the computer manufacturing company at the end of 2017Q2, valued at $48.11 million, up from 298,311 at the end of the previous reported quarter. Rmb Capital Management Llc who had been investing in Apple Inc for a number of months, seems to be bullish on the $862.02B market cap company. It closed at $166.89 lastly. It is down 62.48% since November 2, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 45.78% the S&P500. Rmb Capital Management Llc, which manages about $3.98B and $3.49B US Long portfolio, decreased its stake in Bank New York Mellon Corp (Put) (NYSE:BK) by 272,000 shares to 112,000 shares, valued at $5.71 million in 2017Q2, according to the filing. It also reduced its holding in Allstate Corp (NYSE:ALL) by 78,234 shares in the quarter, leaving it with 17,766 shares, and cut its stake in Spdr S&P 500 Etf Tr (Put) (SPY).  

