https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2017/11/02/ed-tech-companies-gather-more-data-they-struggle-find-its-best-uses

Tech companies, with more data than ever before, struggle with strategic and ethical issues about using that information. PHILADELPHIA -- Tech companies are collecting an enormous amount of data from universities and colleges, but even big players like Microsoft seem unsure how best to harness the potential of this assembled information, said speakers at a session at Educause's annual meeting. During the "Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: The Art of the Possible" session, a Microsoft representative demonstrated new developments in the Delve application that could help boost student and faculty productivity. By showing users information about their individual work performance, such as how quickly they respond to emails or spend writing papers, the app can track work habits and prompt users to work more effectively. But the real potential of this application doesn't lie with in the individual data, but in data about groups. Potentially, institutions could use algorithms to analyze the data and identify students who might be struggling and help them -- a good thing. But institutions could also use the data to pinpoint faculty members who never respond to their emails or don’t seem to be doing any writing -- an altogether more sinister prospect to professors (particularly for the nontenured). Given this quandary, the question of what to do next is one that Microsoft hasn’t yet answered, presenters said. Concerns about data privacy were a running theme in the Educause session, which highlighted current and forthcoming AI and machine learning initiatives at companies such as McGraw-Hill Education, Box and Canvas. While AI and machine learning were touted as the bridge that will enable higher education to do meaningful things with all the teaching and learning data that are being collected, the importance of developing these technologies in a mindful and deliberate way was stressed by all the speakers, particularly as institutions have a legal responsibility to protect student data under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. While speakers agreed that responsibility to comply with FERPA lies with the institution, rather than the provider, speakers said this does not mean that providers should be irresponsible with student data. Andrew Keating, the managing director of higher education at information management and storage company Box, described how his company worked with hundreds of universities to store and share their digital files. The company is working with partners to introduce AI-enabled features such as automatic transcription of video files, but also encourages colleges and universities to develop their own custom tools. While the technology that academics develop is certainly useful to the company in terms of realizing the potential of the data available, Keating said that the company was not profiting from these ideas financially, and does not mine colleges and universities’ data. "We don't seek to make a profit off our academic customers," said Keating. Masha Chase, senior product manager at Instructure, which created the learning management system Canvas, said that in addition to safeguarding data privacy, institutions and technology companies need to think carefully about the potential of AI and machine learning to enable students to avoid being self-sufficient. “There is a danger we could lose that,” warned Chase. Among recent innovations at Canvas is a partnership with Amazon's Alexa, which enables students and faculty to ask an Alexa device questions such as “When is my next paper due?” or “How many papers do I have to grade?” The speakers were clear that they did not think that AI technology would ever replace instructors, but suggested that instructors may need to adapt their teaching to take advantage of insight from learning analytics. Several mentioned that they thought accessibility would be improved by AI for students with disabilities, particularly regarding creating automated transcription and captions for audio and video. Alfred Essa, VP for analytics and R&D at McGraw-Hill Education, said that he would like to see AI and machine learning level the playing field for students from all backgrounds, adding that he believed the prime directive of education should be “equality of opportunity for all students” and closing the achievement gap. Essa said that while there are lots of tools that can improve learning outcomes, few can have significant effect outcomes -- “this is a key thing to get at,” said Essa. While many solutions have focused on improving cognitive performance in students, he said that addressing noncognitive qualities such as a propensity to procrastinate, or a lack of motivation, are neglected. jump to comments Be the first to know.Get our free daily newsletter.   Browse Jobs by Category Expand commentsHide comments  —   Join the conversation! View the discussion thread. 

https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2017/11/02/ed-tech-companies-gather-more-data-they-struggle-find-its-best-uses

Tech companies, with more data than ever before, struggle with strategic and ethical issues about using that information. PHILADELPHIA -- Tech companies are collecting an enormous amount of data from universities and colleges, but even big players like Microsoft seem unsure how best to harness the potential of this assembled information, said speakers at a session at Educause's annual meeting. During the "Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning: The Art of the Possible" session, a Microsoft representative demonstrated new developments in the Delve application that could help boost student and faculty productivity. By showing users information about their individual work performance, such as how quickly they respond to emails or spend writing papers, the app can track work habits and prompt users to work more effectively. But the real potential of this application doesn't lie with in the individual data, but in data about groups. Potentially, institutions could use algorithms to analyze the data and identify students who might be struggling and help them -- a good thing. But institutions could also use the data to pinpoint faculty members who never respond to their emails or don’t seem to be doing any writing -- an altogether more sinister prospect to professors (particularly for the nontenured). Given this quandary, the question of what to do next is one that Microsoft hasn’t yet answered, presenters said. Concerns about data privacy were a running theme in the Educause session, which highlighted current and forthcoming AI and machine learning initiatives at companies such as McGraw-Hill Education, Box and Canvas. While AI and machine learning were touted as the bridge that will enable higher education to do meaningful things with all the teaching and learning data that are being collected, the importance of developing these technologies in a mindful and deliberate way was stressed by all the speakers, particularly as institutions have a legal responsibility to protect student data under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. While speakers agreed that responsibility to comply with FERPA lies with the institution, rather than the provider, speakers said this does not mean that providers should be irresponsible with student data. Andrew Keating, the managing director of higher education at information management and storage company Box, described how his company worked with hundreds of universities to store and share their digital files. The company is working with partners to introduce AI-enabled features such as automatic transcription of video files, but also encourages colleges and universities to develop their own custom tools. While the technology that academics develop is certainly useful to the company in terms of realizing the potential of the data available, Keating said that the company was not profiting from these ideas financially, and does not mine colleges and universities’ data. "We don't seek to make a profit off our academic customers," said Keating. Masha Chase, senior product manager at Instructure, which created the learning management system Canvas, said that in addition to safeguarding data privacy, institutions and technology companies need to think carefully about the potential of AI and machine learning to enable students to avoid being self-sufficient. “There is a danger we could lose that,” warned Chase. Among recent innovations at Canvas is a partnership with Amazon's Alexa, which enables students and faculty to ask an Alexa device questions such as “When is my next paper due?” or “How many papers do I have to grade?” The speakers were clear that they did not think that AI technology would ever replace instructors, but suggested that instructors may need to adapt their teaching to take advantage of insight from learning analytics. Several mentioned that they thought accessibility would be improved by AI for students with disabilities, particularly regarding creating automated transcription and captions for audio and video. Alfred Essa, VP for analytics and R&D at McGraw-Hill Education, said that he would like to see AI and machine learning level the playing field for students from all backgrounds, adding that he believed the prime directive of education should be “equality of opportunity for all students” and closing the achievement gap. Essa said that while there are lots of tools that can improve learning outcomes, few can have significant effect outcomes -- “this is a key thing to get at,” said Essa. While many solutions have focused on improving cognitive performance in students, he said that addressing noncognitive qualities such as a propensity to procrastinate, or a lack of motivation, are neglected. jump to comments Be the first to know.Get our free daily newsletter.   Browse Jobs by Category Expand commentsHide comments  —   Join the conversation! View the discussion thread. 

http://www.todayonline.com/world/asia/data-leaks-came-many-sources-says-lowyat-founder

KUALA LUMPUR — There is more than one way that the leak of 46.2 million mobile phone subscribers in Malaysia could have had happened, Lowyat.net founder Vijandren Ramadass said, adding that the site’s own investigations showed that the data had been passed around among different users. By the time the online forum stumbled on the information on Oct 19, it was free and available as a direct download link on several sites. According to Mr Vijandren, the files were in different formats and showed file degradation from using various compression software. This means that the data have been passed between different users, growing in size as more and more information was collected. “The data are in different formats and compiled in multiple zip files in different formats. “The reason we know the files are not new is because when you zip (compress) a file, data gets corrupted a bit, so the larger the compression, the more corrupted a file can get. “And a lot of the files that we got were corrupted.” This is why it is hard to determine where the breach came from, he said. Additionally, people online have been sharing the information for years, which makes it even harder to determine when it all started. Lowyat.net previously said the breach occurred between May and July 2014. The breaches affected Jobstreet.com, Malaysian Medical Association, Malaysian Medical Council, Academy of Medicine Malaysia, Malaysian Dental Association, National Specialist Register of Malaysia and telecommunication companies, such as Maxis, Celcom and DiGi. “There were a few places (direct download links) that we found at that time. We have submitted the links to the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC) for further action. “And people who didn’t know thought that this was something new, but after tracking back the user who tried to make a quick buck on our site, we found that someone else had already put it out there,” he said. It is not easy to breach telco databases with a direct hack, he added. Despite this, the breach could have been caused by various factors. “Telcos are a closed system. Their data are not even supposed to be accessed by anybody and hence a hack from outside is much harder. “But it could have been anything, it could be vulnerability in the servers or human error. Or even social-engineering attacks. Someone inside could have pulled the data directly from the server,” he told The Malaysian Insight. The last method is called social engineering and because it is performed from the inside, there is little point in companies upgrading their cybersecurity to prevent breaches, Mr Vijandran said. “It is no longer about protecting just your servers, it is also the people working and coming in and having access to your data. That is where the breach happens rather than people physically attacking the server and pulling the data.” SOCIAL HACKING Also known as social hacking, social engineering can allow data thieves access to information more quickly, with greater ease, and more efficiently, said Ms Irene Dima from the International Council of Electronic Commerce Consultants (EC council). “Hackers these days tend not to even use coding, they just need to perform social engineering,” she told The Malaysian Insight. Through social hacking, Ms Dima said a hacker may impersonate an employer or anyone close to obtain information like a person’s mother’s maiden name or approval for a bank transaction. “However, that doesn’t mean that they don’t use tactics like deploying malware via email or even giving your servers or website a vulnerability assessment. “They can be loads of black hats, they just have their tools and software applications that they can use to screen through websites online to find the loophole and then exploit that, and enter to  the backend to control the system,” she said. Ms Dima said when hackers breached a system for data, they would stay for a long time to collect as much information as they can and won’t just “grab anything that they can”. This can be seen in the 46.2 million handphone users’ breach where hackers obtained the leaked data between May and July 2014. Ms Dima said the EC council, an authority on cyber security and an IT security certification body, has found that Malaysian companies tend to ignore this “end-point security”. The Malaysian Insight contacted Maxis, Celcom and DiGi on the database breach but has yet to receive a reply. Ms Dima said: “Take the Bangladesh (central) bank hack last year, the intruders were observing the companies and the banks way before they started withdrawing the money. “It is not like you are entering a house and you take whatever you see.” Ms Dima added that companies which handled personal data were also liable for a class-action suit if user data are leaked. “In Malaysia, customers are protected under the Personal Data Protection Act. If you leak information about someone because your system is compromised, then you are accountable for the leak.” According to Malaysia’s Personal Data Protection Act, a company managing the data of its clients has to “take practical steps to protect the personal data” in section 9. “The company may not willingly disclose information to a third party, but when a third party obtains the information through them, it is the same thing.” THE MALAYSIAN INSIGHT   

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-02/malaysia-probes-theft-of-data-for-46-million-mobile-phone-users

Photographer: Manan Vatsyayana/AFP via Getty Images Malaysia is investigating the theft of mobile-phone records for 46.2 million customers, while an online security lapse in Australia exposed personal details of almost 50,000 employees. The Malaysian government is working with carriers and police to investigate the issue and identify possible sources of the leak, the state news agency Bernama reported Wednesday, citing Communications and Multimedia Minister Salleh Said Keruak. A spokesman confirmed his comments. The data may last have been updated in 2014, according to local reports. In Australia, personal records of almost 50,000 workers at several government agencies and companies were left unsecured by a third-party contractor in one of the country’s worst data breaches, according to a report Thursday by iTnews. Backup databases of employee records including names, passwords, salaries and some credit card numbers were accessible after the misconfiguration of an Amazon.com Inc. cloud storage product, it said. "Companies should assume they will be breached and take steps to limit the impact of these incidents," said Bryce Boland, chief technology officer for the Asia-Pacific region at FireEye Inc. "The reality is many firms are unknowingly compromised.” As the scale and frequency of major hacking attacks increases, companies and governments have come under intense pressure to shore up their cybersecurity. Only about 2 percent of corporate data is encrypted today, International Business Machines Corp. said in July. North Korean hackers are particularly active amid rising tensions over the country’s nuclear ambitions. They have been linked to last year’s heist from Bangladesh’s central bank as well as cryptocurrency exchange attacks and the WannaCry ransomware that infected about 300,000 computers in 150 countries. Read More: How the WannaCry attack could have been much worse Malaysia, with a population of 32 million, has a mobile penetration rate of 134 percent as of March this year, according to government statistics. Almost 80 percent of the 42.8 million subscriptions as of the first quarter are pre-paid accounts. The largest mobile phone companies in Malaysia include Maxis Bhd., Celcom Axiata Bhd. and Digi.com Bhd. The companies as well as the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission didn’t immediately reply to requests for comments or couldn’t immediately be reached by Bloomberg News. Maxis, Celcom and Digi told the Star newspaper that they are supporting the investigation. “If the data is as widely available as suspected, it’s likely to be abused by criminals for a wide variety of purposes, such as identity fraud and scams,” Boland said of the Malaysian theft. "It’s probably not the biggest breach to date in Malaysia, though it may be the biggest reported. Most breaches are never discovered, and many that are discovered are not reported." Australia has experienced several high profile hacks or data breaches in the past couple of years. Almost 30 gigabytes of commercially sensitive information related to Australian naval vessels and warplanes was reportedly stolen from a local defense contractor in 2016. The nation’s weather bureau was reportedly hacked in 2015. The Australian government said it was aware of the breach involving a third-party contractor and that the exposed data was historical and partially anonymized. “The Australian Cyber Security Centre was alerted to the breach in the first week of October and immediately contacted the external contractor to secure the information and remove the vulnerability,” the Department of the Prime Minister and Cabinet said in statement on Thursday.  

http://www.interaksyon.com/cyber-crime-malaysia-investigating-reported-leak-of-46-million-mobile-users-data/

KUALA LUMPUR/SINGAPORE — Malaysia is investigating an alleged attempt to sell the data of more than 46 million mobile phone subscribers online, in what appears to be one of the largest leaks of customer data in Asia. The massive data breach, believed to affect almost the entire population of Malaysia, was first reported last month by Lowyat.net, a local technology news website. The website said it had received a tip-off that someone was trying to sell huge databases of personal information on its forums. The country’s internet regulator, the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (MCMC), was looking into the matter with the police, Communications and Multimedia Minister Salleh Said Keruak said on Wednesday. “We have identified several potential sources of the leak and we should be able to complete the probe soon,” Salleh told reporters at parliament. The leaked data included lists of mobile phone numbers, identification card numbers, home addresses, and SIM card data of 46.2 million customers from at least 12 Malaysian mobile phone and mobile virtual network operators (MVNO). Like equifax Cybersecurity researchers said the leaked data was extensive enough to allow criminals to create fraudulent identities to make online purchases. Justin Lie, CEO of Cashshield, a Singapore-based anti-fraud company, compared the Malaysian case in its “degree of complexity” to the cyber attack on U.S. credit-scoring agency Equifax Inc, which said in September that cyber criminals had stolen sensitive information from 145.5 million people. “Now these hackers have more quality information such as birth dates, IC numbers, mobile numbers, email address and passwords,” Lie said about the Malaysian attack. Customers of Malaysia’s biggest mobile service providers, including Maxis, Axiata Group’s Celcom, and DiGi, among others, were affected. MCMC’s chief operating officer Mazlan Ismail said on Tuesday the regulator had met with local telecommunications companies to seek their cooperation in the probe, according to state news agency Bernama. Celcom, Maxis and Digi said in separate statements they were cooperating with authorities on the investigation. “Almost every Malaysian” According to a Singapore-based cybersecurity researcher, the leaked database was initially being sold on several underground forums for 1 bitcoin, which was trading on Wednesday at around $6,500. At least one other user was posting a link for anyone to download it for free. The researcher, who declined to be named, said he had seen at least 10 people on an online forum in the “dark web” download the data before it was taken offline. “Discussion in the dark web shows a huge interest,” he said. Time stamps indicate the leaked data was last updated between May and July 2014, Lowyat.net said. “We are urging the telco and MVNO companies mentioned above to alert, and start immediately replacing the SIM cards, of all affected customers, especially those who have not updated their SIM cards since 2014,” Lowyat.net said in a post. Malaysia’s population is around 32 million, but many have several mobile numbers. The lists are also believed to include inactive numbers and temporary ones bought by visiting foreigners, The Star newspaper reported. Bryce Boland, FireEye’s chief technology officer in Asia Pacific, said if the data was widely available as suspected, it could be used for identity fraud and scams. “This stolen data may ultimately impact almost every Malaysian,” he said. The data also includes private information of more than 80,000 individuals leaked from the records of the Malaysian Medical Council, the Malaysian Medical Association, and the Malaysian Dental Association, Lowyat.net said. Meanwhile, online employment site jobstreet.com sent emails to its customers saying some personal information of accounts created before 2012 has been exposed. The company confirmed to Reuters that it sent the emails to customers but gave no further details. 

http://www.zdnet.com/article/ibm-enhances-watson-data-platform-with-an-eye-towards-ai/

Big Data Analytics Fitbit aims for device to data pivot: Can you monetize 90 billion hours of heart rate data, 85 trillion steps? 

http://www.zdnet.com/article/ibm-enhances-watson-data-platform-with-an-eye-towards-ai/

Big Data Analytics Fitbit aims for device to data pivot: Can you monetize 90 billion hours of heart rate data, 85 trillion steps? 

https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/nov/02/amp-among-companies-affected-by-data-breach-of-50000-staff-records

Australian government employees also hit by breach after third-party contractor misconfigures form of cloud storage Australian government employees also hit by breach after third-party contractor misconfigures form of cloud storage 
Naaman Zhou 

Thursday 2 November 2017 02.59 EDT


Last modified on Thursday 2 November 2017 03.00 EDT

 The personal details of more than 4,000 government employees have been exposed in a massive data breach of 50,000 staff records from various companies across Australia. The leak, first reported by iTnews, is believed to be the second-largest data breach in Australian history, after the details of 550,000 blood donors were accidentally leaked by the Red Cross in 2016.  3,000 employees at the Department of Finance, 1,470 at the Australian Electoral Commission and 300 at the National Disability Insurance Agency had their personal records left openly accessible after a third-party contractor misconfigured an Amazon S3 bucket – a commonly used form of cloud storage.  The information included credit card numbers and passwords of some employees, as well as full names, phone numbers and email addresses. Some records also contained details of staff salaries and expenses.  Insurance company AMP was the worst affected, with 25,000 staff records exposed.  Utilities and construction company UGL had 17,000 records affected, while Rabobank had 1,500.  The breach was discovered by a Polish security researcher known as Wojciech, with iTnews reporting that most of the credit card numbers were out of date or cancelled.  The Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet told iTnews that they had known of the breach since early October.  “Once the Australian Cyber Security Centre became aware of the situation, they immediately contacted the external contractor and worked with them to secure the information and remove the vulnerability,” the department said. “Now that the information has been secured, the ACSC and affected government agencies have been working with the external contractor to put in place effective response and support arrangements.” AMP said no customer data had been compromised in the leak and the data related to “internal staff expenses”.  “We confirm that a limited amount of company data ... was inadvertently stored in a publicly available cloud service by a third-party supplier,” a spokesman said. “The mistake was quickly corrected once identified and the matter investigated to ensure all data had been removed. “AMP treats data security very seriously and has strict policies in place regarding the handling of data with third-party vendors. We are reviewing the situation to ensure standards are maintained.” On Thursday, the Victorian Electoral Commission also confirmed that the details of 21,000 Melbourne residents and 28 silent electors had been accidentally published online. The data, compiled for a 2005 local council election, had been uploaded by the Proportional Representation Society of Australia, and was accessible through a search engine, but has since been taken down.  

http://www.canberratimes.com.au/national/public-service/data-breach-sees-records-of-50000-australian-workers-exposed-20171102-gzdef3.html

Nearly 50,000 Australians and 5000 federal public servants have had sensitive personal information exposed online as part of one of the nation's biggest ever data breaches. Employees of the Department of Finance, the Australian Electoral Commission and National Disability Insurance Agency have been caught up in the massive leak caused by a private contractor, along with more than 40,000 private sector workers from insurer AMP, utility UGL and Dutch multinational Rabobank. In the age of phishing and hacking, here are three steps to help you become a cybersecurity expert.  Murderer and rapist Sean Price must spend 41 years in jail after his non-parole period is increased by three years. Police have charged a man following a breakthrough in the cold case investigation into the 1989 murder of Charles Skarratt.  Opinion: The major theme of the whole citizenship show has been the sense of entitlement and arrogance possessed by some MPs - from not standing aside to not apologising or taking responsibility, to keeping their doubt secret. Artist: Matt Davidson.  Girls face an unconscious gender bias when it comes to studying science at school, a new report has found. Malcolm Turnbull says he's disappointed outgoing Senate President Stephen Parry kept his dual citizenship concerns to himself and has rejected calls for an audit into all MPs citizenship status. The government is still resisting calls for an audit into the citizenship status of all MPs while a battle brews over who will become Senate President. Police are cracking down on a growing trend of organised hoon meetings and have released startling footage of large-scale gatherings. In the age of phishing and hacking, here are three steps to help you become a cybersecurity expert.  The leaked information included names, passwords, ID data, phone numbers, as well as credit card numbers and corporate information including salaries and expenses, IT News reported on Thursday. The Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet confirmed it was aware of a breach involving a third party contractor, but said the data exposed was historical, archived and partially anonymised. It contained limited personally identifiable information of government employees such as work email addresses, and in some cases Australian Government Service numbers and corporate credit card details, the department said. The bulk of credit card information within the data had expired. A spokesman for the department said the data breach involved a third party contractor engaged to provide expense management services, impacting four federal government departments. Get the latest news and updates emailed straight to your inbox. By submitting your email you are agreeing to Fairfax Media's
                
                    terms and conditions
                
                and
                privacy policy.
             About 3000 employee records from the Finance Department were exposed, along with 1470 from the Australian Electoral Commission and 300 at the National Disability Insurance Agency, IT News reported. The records were accessible through an incorrectly configured Amazon cloud storage service and reportedly discovered by a Polish security researcher identified as "Wojciech". The government's Australian Cyber Security Centre was first alerted to the breach in early October. The Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet said the ACSC immediately contacted the contractor to secure the information and remove the vulnerability within hours of being notified. "The exposed data did not contain any national security information, classified material, or Australian government customer data." Departments involved have been notifying affected staff and giving them appropriate support, and have worked with the ACSC and the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner to respond to the breach, it said. "Having removed the vulnerability, the ACSC and affected government agencies have been working with the external contractor to put in place effective response and support arrangements, and support affected staff."   AMP was the organisation worst hit in the breach, with about 25,000 staff records exposed. Some 17,000 records were exposed from UGL along with 1500 from Rabobank. The private contractor has not been named but it is understood the information was primarily backed-up data from March 2016. The leak follows revelations last month that a 1000-page security manual related to security upgrades at Parliament House had been lost by defence giant BAE Systems. In October 2016, private information related to half a million Australians – including their sexual and medical histories – was made public when Australian Red Cross Blood Service files were accidentally placed on an unsecured, public-facing website. Opposition digital economy spokesman Ed Husic said the latest breach was a grave error, made more disturbing because it followed recent leaks including of Medicare information. Mr Husic said it risked undermining public confidence in government data security. "On top of this, it's clear the government knew about it, they weren't public about it," he said. "The government did not explain what they knew and how they were fixing it. "We're calling for a review of what's happened, and want to hear from the government as well," he said. A spokesman for AMP confirmed a limited amount of data related to staff expenses had been stored inadvertently in a publicly available cloud service operated by a third-party supplier. "The mistake was quickly corrected once identified and the matter investigated to ensure all data had been removed. "No customer data was compromised at any time," he said.  Community and Public Sector Union national secretary Nadine Flood called on the government to take immediate steps to rectify the breach. "The private operator behind this serious breach has not only failed to protect the personal information of Commonwealth public sector workers, but also potentially the critical information held by those government agencies on Australians," she said. "Disclosing employees' email addresses, passwords and IDs fairly obviously gives cyber attackers a way into those systems."    

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-02/australia-data-breach-exposes-50-000-employee-records-itnews

Photographer: Dallas Kilponen/Bloomberg The personal records of almost 50,000 Australians working at several government agencies and companies were left unsecured by a third-party contractor in one of the country’s worst data breaches, according to a report Thursday by iTnews. Backup databases of employee records including names, passwords, salaries and some credit card numbers were accessible after the contractor misconfigured an Amazon.com Inc. cloud storage product, according to the report. About 25,000 records from AMP Ltd., 17,000 records at Cimic Group Ltd. subsidiary UGL Ltd., 1,500 records at Rabobank and 4,770 records across Australian government departments were left vulnerable. The issue was spotted by a Polish security researcher, who alerted authorities last month, according to the report, which said it was the country’s second-largest breach after details of 550,000 blood donors were leaked last year. The Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet, which oversees a national cyber-security center set up in 2013 to support businesses, didn’t immediately reply to a request for comment. No customer data was affected and the “mistake” was quickly corrected, AMP said in a statement. Rabobank said it was investigating the situation and was unable to comment further. Cimic declined to comment. Australia has experienced several high profile hacks or data breaches in the past couple of years. Almost 30 gigabytes of commercially sensitive information related to Australian naval vessels and warplanes was reportedly stolen from a local defense contractor in July 2016. The nation’s weather bureau was reportedly hacked in 2015. 

