https://finance.yahoo.com/news/risky-general-electric-120400146.html

Third-quarter earnings at General Electric Company (NYSE: GE) were basically a disaster -- with CEO John Flannery calling the company's performance "unacceptable." It's no wonder the shares plunged after the report. But is it time for investors to run for the hills or an opportunity to invest in this industrial giant? There are definitely risks today, but if you have the stomach for turnarounds, they may be worth taking on.    General Electric sports more than a 4% dividend yield today. That's very enticing when an S&P 500 Index fund will get you only around 2%. Before the third-quarter earnings report, I believed that the dividend was on solid ground, but now I'm not so sure. If the only reason you're interested in GE is the yield, you should probably be looking somewhere else at this point. Put simply, the risk of a cut is large. Image source: Getty Images. My concern stems from the fact that Flannery highlighted during the third-quarter conference call his awareness of how important the dividend is to shareholders. However, he went on to explain that the company needed to balance its growth plans against the dividend.    My guess is that the dividend gets trimmed now so that the CEO, who only took the helm a few months ago, can get all of the bad news out of the way. It's the kitchen-sink approach, which will help to make the rest of his tenure look better. That said, it looks as if General Electric's problems are really near-term in nature today. But it's understandable if investors are a little skittish. During the 2007-to-2009 recession, GE's entire future was put in peril by its oversized financial arm. The troubles at that business even led to a government bailout for the company.    But the CEO at the time, Jeffery Immelt, went to work streamlining the industrial giant back to its core. He sold off assets that didn't fit, like a television network, and jettisoned financial businesses that didn't directly support GE's industrial business, like insurance operations. Immelt left his successor with a much more focused company. The big-picture view of the GE's tough third quarter. Image source: General Electric Company.  The work, however, isn't done yet. And Flannery plans to use his first days as the head of GE to cut costs, selling off the corporate jets and killing a free-car program for managers, and to continue the streamlining process, including completing the sale of the water business and getting out of consumer lighting. But this is a vastly different job from what Immelt was left to deal with when Jack Welch handed him a company that had, in hindsight, veered off course by venturing too far into the finance business.    I'm not wearing rose-colored glasses. GE's third-quarter results stank, missing analyst earnings expectations by a massive 40%. There was plenty of bad news, with operating profit in the energy business down 50%, oil and gas off by 35%, and transportation operating profits falling 11%. Although some of its business did OK, the negatives pushed industrial segment profits down by 10%. Another problem was shrinking margins, hence the cost-cutting effort.    General Electric is clearly not hitting on all cylinders today. But it still has an iconic brand name, dominant positions in the industries it serves, and a reputation for quality. Moreover, some of the key markets it serves are weak today, notably oil and gas, but that won't last forever. When typically cyclical industries like that pick up again, some big headwinds will become tailwinds.  GE data by YCharts The company's finances, meanwhile, are pretty solid, though at first blush you might be tempted to think otherwise. Long-term debt makes up around two-thirds of the company's capital structure. But if you add in the massive $78 billion in cash and marketable securities on the balance sheet, that number drops to around 30%. Despite the falling stock price, there's little reason to believe GE is going to go out of business today. It just needs to get its business heading in the right direction.    GE's shares have vastly underperformed its industrial peers for a very good reason: Things aren't going well today. And with a new CEO, it's likely the next year or so will continue to be tough as he moves quickly to get as much bad news behind him as possible. That increasingly looks as if it will mean a dividend cut. But this isn't a life-or-death situation. It's more like resetting investor expectations. And once this "tough love" period is over, GE will likely start to look a lot more interesting. But at this point, you'll need a thick skin to stick around because the headlines are likely to be negative for at least another 12 months or so. Just remember that the risks today aren't the same as the ones GE was dealing with back during the financial meltdown.  More From The Motley Fool  Reuben Gregg Brewer has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/does-general-electric-company-stock-offer-opportunity-in-the-rubble/

At this point, investing in General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) feels like catching a falling knife. GE stock has lost almost 16% this month. What happened? GE on Oct. 20 reported its first profit miss in two-and-a-half years. It cut its full-year earnings guide and indicated that a dividend cut may be coming soon. GE stock proceeded to fall 13% over the following week. That was the stock’s worst five-day period since March 2009, when the S&P 500 was touching Great Recession lows.  It is moments like these when Warren Buffet’s wisdom shines brightest. Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful. GE stock isn’t going anywhere anytime soon. This is a company that has been around for 125 years and played a critical role in shaping the modern world. The company has hit some tough times recently due to weakness in its Power and Oil and Gas businesses, but management is appropriately diversifying where they need to, cutting fat where they need to, and investing where they need to. A turnaround isn’t a matter of “if”. Its a matter of “when”. I think “when” to buy GE stock is now or at least very soon. Right now, everyone is worried about the 4.7%-yielding dividend getting cut at the November investor meeting. That will likely happen. But GE stock has sold off in a manner that indicates that the stock price is now baked with expectations for a cut. Risks related to a dividend reduction seem mitigated, while rewards related to no cut seem high. The dividend issue seems to be a microcosm for the whole GE issue. There is a lot negativity priced into this name right now, so much so that the risk-reward profile on GE stock is starting to skew considerably towards the upside. General Electric’s Power and Oil and Gas businesses are getting killed. Revenue is falling and profits are falling even more. General Electric has long been known as a power and oil and gas company. So when those three business segments fail, GE stock does not work. But even with those businesses struggling mightily, GE still only saw organic revenue decline 1% last quarter. Operating profit slipped 7%, and earnings were off by 9%. If that’s as bad as it gets for General Electric, then the company must be doing a bunch of other things right. Indeed, General Electric is executing on other fronts. Excluding power and oil and gas, organic revenues rose 2%. Aviation and Healthcare posted strong quarterly profit gains. In fact, all segments excluding power and oil and gas expanded profit margins last quarter. Meanwhile, GE is flirting with potentially super-charged growth in the Internet of Things (IoT) segment. For each big industrial device  General Electric sells, the company can add a little sensor to it. That essentially makes the industrial equipment smart. This smart equipment harvests loads of data and sends it to GE, where its analyzed and then presented to the buyer in a logical, actionable manner. Next Page  Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/does-general-electric-company-stock-offer-opportunity-in-the-rubble/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/01/taking-a-fresh-look-at-general-electric-company-ge-9/

General Electric Company (GE) is an interesting player in the Industrial Goods space, with a focus on Diversified Machinery. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $20.16, down from yesterday’s close by -1.22%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis No amount of research is complete without a bird’s eye view of the financial data. General Electric Company (GE) currently trades with a market capitalization of $178.99 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 14.38 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For GE, you can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $-2.45 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to fall in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.3 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 59.54% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis We’ve taken a serious look at this stock from a fundamental perspective, but the tale of the tape may offer more hints about what lies under the surface. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, General Electric Company recorded a 52-week high of $32.38. It is now trading 12.22% off that level. The stock is trading $23.75 its 50-day moving average by 3.59%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $20.26. In recent action, General Electric Company (GE) has made a move of -18.71% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 22.64, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 1.38% with $8.65 Billion sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of GE. 

http://business.financialpost.com/executive/in-defense-of-the-ever-unpopular-corporate-aircraft-joe-nocera

November 2, 20177:17 AM EDT Last UpdatedNovember 2, 20177:17 AM EDT The Wall Street Journal has had a jolly good time recently exposing a small example of corporate excess: It seems that during the years Jeff Immelt was the chief executive of General Electric Co., the company often sent a backup plane on his travel in case something happened to the corporate aircraft he was using. The practice was first revealed in mid-October, in a Journal story that was mostly about how GE’s new CEO, John Flannery, was cutting costs. Four months on the job, he’d already shut down three research centres. He cut out the 700 company cars. He has delayed construction of a new headquarters building in Boston. And he is planning to soon unveil a series of major steps aimed at both restructuring the company and reducing costs by US$2 billion, a target Immelt set before stepping down. One can hardly disagree with the aim. GE’s margins are significantly lower than those of other conglomerates, such as Siemens and United Technologies. Its market cap this year has declined by US$100 billion, making it the worst performer in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. And it has been under pressure from Nelson Peltz’s Trian Partners, which recently got a seat on the board. As a small but telling example of Immelt-era “excess,” the backup jet story is just about perfect. Among other things, it offers a contrast between the presumably free-spending Immelt and his tight-fisted successor Flannery, who quickly ended the practice. You can understand why the Flannery team didn’t mind seeing it exposed in the Journal. But it’s not just the backup plane Flannery has cut out. He is also eliminating the company’s entire corporate fleet, which includes five jets. The company is holding onto only a few small planes for short flights. This is the cost-cutting equivalent of cutting off your nose to spite your face. Yeah, I know: Nothing looks more excessive — and more plutocratic — than flying on a private jet. No dealing with riffraff in crowded airports, no long security lines, no endless waiting for takeoff, no cramped seats, no need to accommodate an airline schedule. Instead, you drive into a private airport, park your car nearby, hand your luggage to an attendant who puts it on the plane, plop into your comfortable seat and away you go. Once you’ve flown private, you never want to go back. For this reason, private jets have always been easy targets. When the three auto CEOs came to Congress in 2008 to plead for a $25 billion federal loan package, they were excoriated for flying in their “private luxury jets” to ask for a taxpayer bailout. When Steve Jobs officially became the CEO of Apple in 2000, he asked the board to give him a private jet. The board’s willingness to pick up the annual tab was one of the few criticisms shareholders had during Jobs’s tenure. Warren Buffett had long been critical of companies spending shareholders’ money on private jets. When he finally bought his first plane in the 1990s, he named it “The Indefensible.” But you know what? A few years later, he changed the name to “The Indispensable.” Buffett had discovered that when you run a big company, a corporate jet really isn’t an indulgence. Rather, it’s a tool. (This may also help explain why he bought NetJets Inc., the fractional aircraft company, in 1998.) When Buffett finally bought a plane in the 1990s, he named it The Indefensible. But a few years later, he changed the name to The Indispensable Companies buy corporate aircraft because there are many situations in which time is more valuable than money. Sure, you might be able to save a few dollars by forcing all your executives to fly commercial or charter. But all that getting to the airport early, waiting in line, dealing with delays, and so on, is going to cut into the amount productive time they have to, you know, work. When someone is running a big division and has far more to do than there are hours in the day, flying commercial is counterproductive and costly. There isn’t a company in the U.S. more frugal than Walmart; when its executives are on the road, the company expects them to double up and share hotel rooms. Yet it maintains the biggest corporate fleet in the country, about 20 corporate aircraft. Its former director of global travel services, Duane Futch, has said that Walmart uses its jets primarily for regional vice-presidents who have to frequently visit the stores in their territory. It also saves them from having to stay overnight. “Efficiency of time is one of the main reasons we have the corporate fleet,” he has said. Many industry experts doubt that GE will save all that much by eliminating its corporate jets. Its used planes won’t generate much cash, given the glut of used jets on the market. As GE executives, needing to put time over money, start using expensive charter jets, they may well wind up spending more of the company’s money, not less. Pete Agur, founder of aviation consultancy VanAllen Group, told Bloomberg that “long term, there’s no way a global company can operate only within the airlines or only with commercial options, including fractionals.” GE does 70 per cent of its business overseas. Its executives don’t just need to travel, they need to travel efficiently. Yes, it’s pleasant to fly private — and bound to breed a certain resentment — but it is also the most efficient, most productive way for a busy executive to get from Point A to Point B. Shareholders should want that. You usually expect politicians to embrace symbolic acts even when they’re counterproductive. You don’t expect it from the chief executive of General Electric. Yet that’s exactly what he’s done. I don’t know if Flannery is right to be cutting research centres, but I am sure he’s wrong to be cutting out the company’s corporate jet. To me, it’s a red flag about the new man in charge. This content was provided by Market One for commercial purposes. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/video-jpmorgan-savagely-cuts-general-142100275.html

 If there's been one analyst who's nailed the fall of General Electric  , it's been JPMorgan's Stephen Tusa. GE stock is now down about 30% from its summer highs and 38% from its 52-week highs. Tusa has contistantly been ahead of the decline, particularly the one throughout late-summer. A few weeks ago, Tusa cut his price target down to $20 ahead of earnings. After the results -- which were worse than expected, with a big decline in full-year guidance and large miss in earnings per share for the current quarter -- Tusa said the results reaffirmed his downbeat outlook. That's why he slashed his price target once again, from $20 down to $19. Aside from the poor earnings and swift decrease in guidance, another concern is the dividend. Analysts have been piping up about the dividend, suggesting a cut may be near. Given GE's cash flow situation, a dividend cut is almost certain. The only question is, how much? For its part, management said it will evaluate the dividend and provide more clarity during its November 13 investor meeting. On Wednesday, Tusa was back at it again, slashing his December 2018 price target to $17. He did so due to the assumption of lower Power profits and "higher accounting-change headwinds." He also cut his 2018 earnings per share estimate to $1.05 from $1.15, as well as his 2019 estimates to $1.15 from $1.25. Not surprisingly, Tusa maintains his underweight rating. GE stock is down 50 basis points in Wednesday's premarket trading session, to $20.06. For investors, it's even more frustrating to see how some of GE's larger industrial peers are faring, with United Technologies  and Honeywell  both trading higher on the year. Another, Boeing  , is doing great in 2017, up more than 65%.  General Electric stock ended the session much like it started, falling 69 basis points $20.02.  General Electric is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells GE? Learn more now.  Which businesses could be on the chopping block at GE?     More of What's Trending on TheStreet:   If there's been one analyst who's nailed the fall of General Electric  , it's been JPMorgan's Stephen Tusa. GE stock is now down about 30% from its summer highs and 38% from its 52-week highs. Tusa has contistantly been ahead of the decline, particularly the one throughout late-summer. A few weeks ago, Tusa cut his price target down to $20 ahead of earnings. After the results -- which were worse than expected, with a big decline in full-year guidance and large miss in earnings per share for the current quarter -- Tusa said the results reaffirmed his downbeat outlook. That's why he slashed his price target once again, from $20 down to $19. Aside from the poor earnings and swift decrease in guidance, another concern is the dividend. Analysts have been piping up about the dividend, suggesting a cut may be near. Given GE's cash flow situation, a dividend cut is almost certain. The only question is, how much? For its part, management said it will evaluate the dividend and provide more clarity during its November 13 investor meeting. On Wednesday, Tusa was back at it again, slashing his December 2018 price target to $17. He did so due to the assumption of lower Power profits and "higher accounting-change headwinds." He also cut his 2018 earnings per share estimate to $1.05 from $1.15, as well as his 2019 estimates to $1.15 from $1.25. Not surprisingly, Tusa maintains his underweight rating. GE stock is down 50 basis points in Wednesday's premarket trading session, to $20.06. For investors, it's even more frustrating to see how some of GE's larger industrial peers are faring, with United Technologies  and Honeywell  both trading higher on the year. Another, Boeing  , is doing great in 2017, up more than 65%.  General Electric stock ended the session much like it started, falling 69 basis points $20.02.  General Electric is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells GE? Learn more now.     More of What's Trending on TheStreet:  EXCLUSIVE OFFER: See inside Jim Cramer’s multi-million dollar charitable trust portfolio to see the stocks he thinks could be potentially HUGE winners. Click here to see his holdings for FREE. 

https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/international-business/ge-dips-into-teens-after-prominent-bear-drops-pt/articleshow/61417072.cms

** General Electric shares fall as low as $19.96 in Weds trading, piercing $20 for first time since Aug 2015 flash crash; before that, GE shares last broke below $20 in Nov 2012 ** Stock bounces back, last up 0.9 pct to $20.35, on track to rise after seven straight sessions of declines following hugely disappointing Q3 earnings report ** JP Morgan analyst Stephen Tusa, who rates stock "underweight", drops PT by $2 to $17, lowest on the Street; Tusa rated 5 of 5 stars by Thomson Reuters StarMine for his stock recommendations ** "Despite the recent CEO change, by the numbers, we see a core operating performance that is below plan, and, currently, a consensus expectations curve that we think remains too high," Tusa says in note ** New CEO John Flannery is set to give an investor update on Nov 13, with investors looking for news about potential divestitures and a dividend cut ** YTD, GE is by far the worst performing component in Dow Jones Industrial Average; GE down 35.6 pct in 2017 vs 18.9 pct gain for the Dow industrials Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil.  

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/ge-stock-simple-reason/

I could say that the former CEO of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), Jeffrey Immelt, has got to be crazy if he thinks anyone believes the story that an empty private jet would tail his plane wherever he went. That, however, is really just emblematic of why GE stock has felt like it’s been resting on its laurels during his tenure. No, the real reasons why GE stock is a mess are in its earnings report from a few days ago. I’m going to show you why GE stock is no longer a stock to own, even if you purchased it decades ago and are sitting on big capital gains. GE stock missed estimates in the last report that was the biggest since 2000. The expectation was for GE stock to hit $0.49 per share, but instead it came in at $0.29. There were massive restructuring charges, and after factoring those in, EPS fell 9% year over year. This was the result of revenue, profit, and margin flops all over the place. Back in Q1, revenues rose a measly 1%, and Q2, revenues were down 2%. At first glance, revenues appear to have risen 10%, but that’s because of the contribution from the Baker Hughes merger. Without it, revenue was flat. A sizable profit last year of $350 million not only evaporated, but the segment posted a $36 million loss. Meanwhile, the equipment segment revenues saw a 10% revenue decline. On the power business, GE profit caved by 50%. What concerns me is that this doesn’t appear to be cyclical. Other industrials are doing rather well. Instead, it seems to me that this is structural. That is, it’s a GE problem. There is a deeper systemic problem that results from these poor results: cash flow. Cash flow is probably the single most important element I look at in any company’s financials. A company can be struggling yet still generate ample cash flow. Yet GE has gotten so large that, even though it generates good cash flow, “good” isn’t good enough. GE stock generated $1.6 billion in operational activity cash flow in Q1. Yet the new CEO insisted that GE should generate $12 billon for the rest of the year. Well, now that number has fallen to $7 billion. Based on historical capex levels of $4 billion, I’m pegging free cash flow of $3 billion for the year. And the problem is that dividend payments run $8.8 billion. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/ge-stock-simple-reason/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.investorplace.com/2017/11/ge-stock-simple-reason/

I could say that the former CEO of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), Jeffrey Immelt, has got to be crazy if he thinks anyone believes the story that an empty private jet would tail his plane wherever he went. That, however, is really just emblematic of why GE stock has felt like it’s been resting on its laurels during his tenure. No, the real reasons why GE stock is a mess are in its earnings report from a few days ago. I’m going to show you why GE stock is no longer a stock to own, even if you purchased it decades ago and are sitting on big capital gains. GE stock missed estimates in the last report that was the biggest since 2000. The expectation was for GE stock to hit $0.49 per share, but instead it came in at $0.29. There were massive restructuring charges, and after factoring those in, EPS fell 9% year over year. This was the result of revenue, profit, and margin flops all over the place. Back in Q1, revenues rose a measly 1%, and Q2, revenues were down 2%. At first glance, revenues appear to have risen 10%, but that’s because of the contribution from the Baker Hughes merger. Without it, revenue was flat. A sizable profit last year of $350 million not only evaporated, but the segment posted a $36 million loss. Meanwhile, the equipment segment revenues saw a 10% revenue decline. On the power business, GE profit caved by 50%. What concerns me is that this doesn’t appear to be cyclical. Other industrials are doing rather well. Instead, it seems to me that this is structural. That is, it’s a GE problem. There is a deeper systemic problem that results from these poor results: cash flow. Cash flow is probably the single most important element I look at in any company’s financials. A company can be struggling yet still generate ample cash flow. Yet GE has gotten so large that, even though it generates good cash flow, “good” isn’t good enough. GE stock generated $1.6 billion in operational activity cash flow in Q1. Yet the new CEO insisted that GE should generate $12 billon for the rest of the year. Well, now that number has fallen to $7 billion. Based on historical capex levels of $4 billion, I’m pegging free cash flow of $3 billion for the year. And the problem is that dividend payments run $8.8 billion. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/ge-stock-simple-reason/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-10-30/ge-wholesale-breakup-isn-t-so-improbable-after-all

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 Perhaps a wholesale breakup of General Electric Co. isn&apos;t such an improbable idea after all. The industrial conglomerate has lost $100 billion in market value this year as investors came to terms with the dawning reality that GE&apos;s businesses don&apos;t generate enough cash to support its rich dividend. It&apos;s also now clear that years of streamlining didn&apos;t go far enough as challenges of dumpster-fire proportions at its power and energy divisions overshadowed what were actually pretty good third-quarter health-care and aviation numbers.  New CEO John Flannery&apos;s pledge to divest $20 billion in assets risked being but another piecemeal breakup. But as details leak on the divestitures and other changes Flannery&apos;s contemplating, there&apos;s at least a shot he could be positioning the company for something more drastic.  One argument against a breakup of GE was that it would detract from the breadth of expertise and resources that set the company apart in the push to make industrial machinery of all kinds run more efficiently. But now, GE&apos;s approach to digital appears to be changing. Rather than trying to be everything for everyone, the company is refocusing digital marketing efforts on customers in its core businesses and deepening partnerships with tech giants including Microsoft Corp and Apple Inc. It hasn&apos;t announced any financial backers yet, but that&apos;s a possibility former CEO Jeff Immelt intimated before he departed. GE&apos;s digital spending is a likely target of its cost-cutting push. This downsizing will please investors who have viewed digital as an expensive pet project of Immelt&apos;s, but it&apos;s sort of a weird thing to do if you still want to turn GE into a top 10 software company. As is the divestiture of the digital-facing Centricity health-care IT operations that GE is reportedly contemplating. The company is unlikely to abandon digital altogether. Industrial customers have been trained to expect data-enhanced efficiency, and GE has to offer that to be competitive. As Flannery said at GE&apos;s Minds and Machines conference last week, "A company that just builds machines will not survive." But if all we&apos;re ultimately talking about here is smarter equipment, as opposed to a whole new software ecosystem, GE doesn&apos;t necessarily need a health-care, aviation and power business. Creating four or five mini-GEs would likely mean tax penalties.  That&apos;s not in and of itself a reason to maintain a portfolio that&apos;s not working. If it was, GE wouldn&apos;t also be contemplating a sale of its transportation division.  But one of GE&apos;s flaws in the minds of investors right now is its financial complexity, and there&apos;s something to be said for a complete rethinking of the way it&apos;s put together. For what it&apos;s worth, the average of JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Steve Tusa&apos;s sum-of-the-parts analyses points to a $20 valuation -- almost in line with GE&apos;s closing price of $20.79 on Friday. Whatever premium the whole company once commanded over the value of its parts has been significantly weakened.  At the end of the day, it comes down to what kind of company GE wants to be. The financial realities of a breakup might be painful, but so would years&apos; worth of pain in its power business as weak demand and pricing pressures drive a decline to a new normal of lower profitability. Does it really matter, then, what the growth opportunities are in aviation and health care? As head of M&A at GE, Flannery was at least partly responsible for the Alstom SA acquisition that swelled the size of the now-troubled power unit inside GE. If there really are "no sacred cows," he has a chance to rewrite that legacy. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 GE&apos;s on track for a rate in the low-single digits this year -- well short of the U.S. corporate maximum of 35 percent. The tax bill involved in a sale of the century-old locomotive operations would pale in comparison to the tax leakage from a full-scale breakup, of course. A sale is arguably a better strategy than a spinoff. Potential buyers include a Chinese industrial company or perhaps an engine maker like Cummins Inc.    To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

http://fortune.com/2017/10/30/ge-executives-extra-plane/

General Electric  						ge 						 					 				 			 executives didn’t tell their board until October about a spare business jet that routinely flew for its now-retired chief executive, The Wall Street Journal reported Sunday, citing people familiar with the matter. Executives also didn’t tell directors that the conglomerate had received an internal complaint about the jet several years ago, the publication’s sources added. The WSJ reported on October 18 that former Chairman and CEO Jeff Immelt had an extra aircraft follow his corporate jet on some overseas trips during much of his 16 years in the role, as a precaution in case the jet carrying Immelt developed problems. GE executives first informed the board about the practice after the report, the WSJ said. GE told its directors the company had scaled back the practice in mid-2014 and would continue to use the backup plane only in limited situations, such as going to risky locations, the Journal reported. Immelt told the Journal on Thursday that he did not know the spare plane was flying. Immelt, 61, stepped down as CEO on August 1 and planned to continue as chairman through December 31. But John Flannery was named chairman on October 2. Flannery has grounded GE’s corporate aircraft fleet to cut costs and initiated a new policy under which executives will fly on commercial or charter flights, the WSJ said. 

