https://qz.com/1113031/alphabet-goog-beat-on-q3-earnings-because-its-whole-business-is-still-google-googl/

Time is a flat circle. Alphabet announced its third-quarter earnings today (Oct. 26), and yet again, it brought in a ton of cash, almost entirely from Google’s advertising business. The company generated $27.8 billion in revenue, up 24% from the same quarter last year, making this Alphabet’s highest-revenue quarter ever. (The previous record was $26.06 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016.) Roughly $24.1 billion of that revenue, or about 87%, came from Google’s ad sales. Alphabet reported $7.8 billion in profit for the quarter, up about 35% from the same period a year earlier. Most of the remainder of Alphabet’s revenue, about $3.4 billion, came from other revenue streams at Google, including hardware sales, cloud services, and sales of subscription services like YouTube TV and Google Play music, chief financial officer Ruth Porat said on the company’s earnings call. Just $302 million (around 1% of Alphabet’s revenue) came from sales from every other Alphabet company, lumped into the “Other Bets” bucket of its earnings. Analysts surveyed ahead of earnings had expected Alphabet to only bring in around $22 billion in revenue. The large beat saw the company’s Class A shares rising over $40 (about 4%) in after-hours trading. It remains to be seen whether investors will tire of Alphabet relying on the same old revenue sources. The company has been massively successful selling ads against search results on its own sites and apps, and selling ads on other companies’ websites. While those businesses show no signs of slowing, Alphabet has also invested billions into researching and developing a series of ambitious “moonshot” projects. It’s unclear whether those so-called Other Bets will ever be as important to Alphabet’s bottom line as its search engine has been. Those moonshots include self-driving cars at Waymo, internet-beaming balloons and delivery drones in the X research lab, defeating death at Calico, and myriad other companies. They have largely been money pits for Alphabet since the company spun them out from its core Google business in 2015. The only real revenue that’s come out of Other Bets to date has been hardware sales from Nest, Alphabet’s internet-of-things device company, and Fiber, its fiber-optic internet service. 

https://searchengineland.com/alphabet-goog-third-quarter-beats-estimates-27-8-billion-revenues-24-285675

Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google parent Alphabet announced third-quarter results. Both revenues and earnings per share beat Wall Street estimates. The company reported roughly $27.8 billion in total revenues (up 24 percent), with Google contributing all but $302 million of that amount. Earnings per share were $9.57, which was about $1.24 higher than expected. Advertising generated just over $24 billion in quarterly revenue. Operating income was about $7.8 billion. However, traffic acquisition costs (TAC) rose to $3.1 billion (vs. $2.6 billion a year ago). There are sure to be analyst questions about that item. The revenue breakdown by segment: Paid clicks on Google properties were up 6 percent year over year and aggregate cost per click (CPC) was up 1 percent. Here’s more detail: Paid click growth was significant. However, CPCs were down (18 percent) from a year ago but up slightly (1 percent) from last quarter. Alphabet (GOOG) shares are up in after-hours trading. The company says it now has more than 78,000 employees, compared with just under 70,000 a year ago. The earnings call webcast is happening now. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. March 13-15, 2018: SMX West June 11-13, 2018: SMX Advanced Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: April 23-25, 2018: San Jose 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/alphabet-inc-goog-googl-has-broken-out-to-a-new-high-on-q3-results-20171027-00704

 (RTTNews.com) - Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) reported third quarter EPS of $9.57 after the close Thursday, up from $7.25 a year ago. The consensus estimate was for EPS of $8.33. Alphabet has gapped open sharply higher Friday morning and is now up 43.55 at $1034.97. The stock has broken out past resistance and has set a new high for the year. For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/10/25/drilling-down-into-alphabet-inc-goog-4/

Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $970.54, up from yesterday’s close by 0.22%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis This company has been competing with others in the Technology space and offers its own combination of interesting factors Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) currently trades with a market capitalization of $660.86 Billion. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For GOOG, the company currently has $15.61 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $25.21 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $8.33 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 34.16% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis It’s important to check the technicals to get a sense of how GOOG has been acting. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Alphabet Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $997.21. It is now trading 26.67% off that level. The stock is trading $944.26 its 50-day moving average by -26.28%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $727.54. In recent action, Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has made a move of +4.94% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.89, and it’s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.56% with $600.57 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of GOOG. 

https://www.investorplace.com/2017/11/industry-group-rank-hampers-alphabet-goog-rating/

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) ranks in the top decile in its industry group, Internet Software & Services, and in the top 10% of its sector group, Information Technology, with a market value of $708.2 billion. From an investment attractiveness prospective, GOOG is ranked in the top half of the sector with a ranking of 321 among the 708 companies in the sector; the ranking for GOOG by Portfolio Grader places it 64 among the 133 companies in this industry group, putting it in the second quartile and number 1,769 in the 5000 company Portfolio Grader company universe. GOOG has a current recommendation of Hold using the methodology of Louis Navellier for investing and his Portfolio Grader stock evaluator.  The current Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has been in place for 3 months. The Information Technology sector is ranked number 4 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it in the second quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 24 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it near the average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. Alphabet has realized above-average scores in 6 of the 8 fundamental areas analyzed by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average scores in 2 of the areas evaluated in the ranking of company stocks. GOOG's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are discernibly above average.  Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with a ranking for earnings revisions and earnings surprises that are better than average, while the score for earnings momentum is worse than average. GOOG's grade for return on equity is discernibly better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average.  Alphabet's fundamental scores give GOOG a place in the top quartile of the industry group.  Portfolio Grader quantitatively views GOOG's shares using the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score. This metric looks at GOOG's shares from the perspective of risk/reward. This exclusive scoring approach takes into account the relative value of GOOG's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Using this risk/reward calculation, the company currently scores as average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/industry-group-rank-hampers-alphabet-goog-rating/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in. Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year. Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future. But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify. It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads. Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters: What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to. 

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in. Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year. Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future. But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify. It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads. Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters: What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to. 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3305897-alphabet-ditched-autopilot-feature

Waymo (GOOG, GOOGL) stopped developing features that required drivers to take control in dangerous situations, according to CEO John Krafcik, as autopilot reliance left users prone to distractions and ill-prepared to maneuver. "What we found was pretty scary... It's hard to take over because they have lost contextual awareness," he said during a media tour of a Waymo testing facility. "Our technology takes care of all of the driving, allowing passengers to stay passengers." Now read: Is It Too Late To Buy Alphabet? » 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/01/alphabet-inc-googl-vs-alphabet-inc-goog-which-is-the-better-investment/

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares are up more than 30.36% this year and recently decreased -0.01% or -$0.09 to settle at $1033.04. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), on the other hand, is up 31.72% year to date as of 10/31/2017. It currently trades at $1016.64 and has returned 4.75% during the past week. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) are the two most active stocks in the Internet Information Providers industry based on today’s trading volumes. To determine if one is a better investment than the other, we will compare the two companies’ growth, profitability, risk, return, and valuation characteristics, as well as their analyst ratings and sentiment signals. Growth Companies that can consistently grow earnings at a high compound rate usually have the greatest potential to create value for shareholders in the long-run. Analysts expect GOOGL to grow earnings at a 20.23% annual rate over the next 5 years. Comparatively, GOOG is expected to grow at a 19.91% annual rate. All else equal, GOOGL’s higher growth rate would imply a greater potential for capital appreciation. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Profitability and Returns Growth doesn’t mean much if it comes at the cost of weak profitability. To adjust for differences in capital structure we’ll use EBITDA margin and Return on Investment (ROI) as measures of profitability and return. , compared to an EBITDA margin of 24.89% for Alphabet Inc. (GOOG). Cash Flow  
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 If there’s one thing investors care more about than earnings, it’s cash flow. GOOGL’s free cash flow (“FCF”) per share for the trailing twelve months was +9.00. Comparatively, GOOG’s free cash flow per share was +9.00. On a percent-of-sales basis, GOOGL’s free cash flow was 6.91% while GOOG converted 6.91% of its revenues into cash flow. This means that, for a given level of sales, GOOGL is able to generate more free cash flow for investors. Valuation GOOGL trades at a forward P/E of 25.17, a P/B of 4.56, and a P/S of 6.85, compared to a forward P/E of 25.36, a P/B of 4.75, and a P/S of 6.97 for GOOG. GOOGL is the cheaper of the two stocks on an earnings, book value and sales basis. Given that earnings are what matter most to investors, analysts tend to place a greater weight on the P/E. Analyst Price Targets and Opinions Investors often compare a stock’s current price to an analyst price target to get a sense of the potential upside within the next year. GOOGL is currently priced at a -6.51% to its one-year price target of 1104.92. Comparatively, GOOG is -3.5% relative to its price target of 1053.50. This suggests that GOOGL is the better investment over the next year. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 1.80 for GOOGL and 1.60 for GOOG, which implies that analysts are more bullish on the outlook for GOOGL. Insider Activity and Investor Sentiment The analysis of insider buying and selling trends can be extended to the aggregate level. Short interest, which represents the percentage of a stock’s tradable shares currently being shorted, captures what the market as a whole feels about a stock. GOOGL has a short ratio of 1.59 compared to a short interest of 2.58 for GOOG. This implies that the market is currently less bearish on the outlook for GOOGL. Summary Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) beats Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) on a total of 8 of the 14 factors compared between the two stocks. GOOGL is growing fastly, generates a higher return on investment and higher liquidity. In terms of valuation, GOOGL is the cheaper of the two stocks on an earnings, book value and sales basis, GOOGL is more undervalued relative to its price target. Finally, GOOGL has better sentiment signals based on short interest. 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/01/money-making-stocks-that-will-influence-your-buying-rate-alphabet-inc-goog-4/


Jack Hue 
1 day ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 Amid the all-time high stocks in today’s market is Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) that had a market cap of 692.57B. The company’s P/E was valued at 36.86 as it measures its current share price to its per-share earnings.  At present, (NASDAQ:GOOG)’s price is rolling at $1,017.11. A price change of -0.21% indicates a strong asset performance for the corporation, bearing in mind the total returns from its investment and dividends or distributions obtained from the investment.  The financial condition of the company with an ROA of *tba indicates how profitable (NASDAQ:GOOG) is relative to its total assets. The current rate provides an idea as to how efficient management is at using its assets to generate earnings.  As the return on equity calculates the corporation’s profitability by revealing how much profit the company has generated alongside the money the shareholders have invested, (NASDAQ:GOOG) shows an ROE of (put ROE code – cant find it).  (NASDAQ:GOOG)’s ROI is *tba signposting a better performance in the evaluation of the efficiency of an investment. By calculating the amount of return, the company’s current ratio – which is the liquidity and efficiency ratio – is measured at *tba.  The operating margin of (NASDAQ:GOOG) is valued at *tba and the profit margin measures at *tba. The increased OM of (NASDAQ:GOOG) measures the company’s improved pricing strategy and the proportion of its revenue which is left after paying its variable costs of production, e.g. wages, raw materials, etc. The profit margin has increased by *tba gauging the financial health of (NASDAQ:GOOG). It also shows the how good the amount of profit for (NASDAQ:GOOG) is relative to its total expenditure.  The overall performance of (NASDAQ:GOOG) for the week is at 5.02% with a rise compared to the last week, measuring a monthly rising rate of 6.05%. The weekly volatility have dropped down at 2.02% with a monthly decline of 1.43%, since the beginning of this month.  The average volume for (NASDAQ:GOOG) is currently rolling at 1,360.76.  The EPS growth this year is at -10.80% demonstrating a EPS growth of 30.90% for the following year. This exhibits in determining the most likely future of the stock price of (NASDAQ:GOOG).  With this high EPSGR it is predicted that growth rate will rise faster as compared to its competitors in the same industry. As it maintains an improved rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target.  Tags (NASDAQ:GOOG) Alphabet Inc. GOOG NASDAQ Technology 6 mins ago 6 mins ago 6 mins ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

