https://qz.com/1117933/elon-musks-timeline-stays-true-to-form-as-tesla-tsla-posts-its-largest-quarterly-loss/

Tesla’s earnings numbers were not welcome news for investors. Today, the company said it delivered 26,137 cars during the third quarter, but only 222 of those were Model 3s. That’s far below the 1,500 Tesla was hoping to have delivered by this time. Overall, the company posted a loss of $619 million on sales of $2.98 billion. Tesla shares dropped by as much as 5.4% on the news in after-hours trading, before recovering slightly. Overall, the company’s stock is up by about 50% for the year. Tesla CEO Elon Musk had warned there would be bumps in the road as Tesla entered “production hell” for the Model 3, and in August warned of “production bottlenecks.” In a Nov. 1 letter to investors (pdf), Tesla clarified that the primary production constraint is the battery module assembly line in its Gigafactory 1 outside Reno, Nevada. Tesla said it was redesigning two parts of the battery assembly process, “key elements of which were done by manufacturing systems suppliers,” to streamline its automated manufacturing process. Musk says he’s camping out at the factory until the problems are resolved. In describing the struggle to get manufacturing back on track, he made an allusion to the nine circles of hell in Dante Alighieri’s Inferno. “We were in level nine, and we’re now in level eight and close to exiting level eight,” said Musk, “I thought we’d be more like level seven. I was really depressed three or four weeks ago.” Musk said that Tesla’s reliance on a small number of robotic stations to automate construction of the vehicle, rather than human workers, means that any problems on the line can slow assembly dramatically. The company’s fortunes are riding on the Model 3, which has a base price of $35,00. Tesla is betting its first mass-market car will elevate it to become the first automaker to join America’s famous “Big 3” in more than 50 years. Tesla has already surpassed all of them in market value at one time (GM put Tesla back in second place earlier this year), but the electric carmaker has yet to prove its staying power.  So far, it’s been a rough ride. Musk must coordinate a sprawling supply and production chain, including two factories where cars are assembled in Fremont and the Gigafactory where Model 3 battery packs and drive units are made. Tesla notes that its manufacturing process is more automated than most carmakers, and therefore takes longer to establish. The company said it plans to make 5,000 Model 3 vehicles per week by about March 2018 (a quarter later than initially predicted) and then 10,000 units per week sometime after that. The company has about $3.5 billion in cash entering the fourth quarter to make it happen. 

https://electrek.co/2017/11/01/tesla-tsla-q3-2017-earnings/

Yesterday 

Fred Lambert

 
							- Nov. 1st 2017 4:20 pm ET
								
@FredericLambert
 @FredericLambert After market close today, Tesla released its financial results and shareholders letter for the third quarter 2017. Wall Street was expecting record revenue of about $2.9 billion for the quarter and a loss of about $2.45 per share due to large capital expenditure caused by the slow start of Model 3 production. The company released the official results today delivering on revenue of ~$2.9 billion and missed on earnings with a loss of $3.70 per share (GAAP).

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Here we will be posting our follow-up posts about the earnings to expand on the most important points (refresh the page to see the most recent posts): The shareholder letter has been embedded in full below. Tesla’s stock price was down 4% in aftermarket trading following the release of the results. The results compare to revenue of ~$2.8 billion and a loss of $2.04 per share (GAAP) during the previous quarter. Tesla slightly updated its record delivery results for Model S and Model X: “In Q3, we delivered 25,915 Model S and Model X vehicles and 222 Model 3 vehicles, for a total of 26,137 deliveries. Combined Model S and Model X deliveries in Q3 grew 18% globally compared to Q2 and 4.5% versus the same quarter one year ago. Consequently, both Model S and Model X gained further market share in the US luxury vehicle market. In addition, our used vehicle sales more than doubled from the prior quarter.” The company’s gross margin took a big hit: 18.3% down from 27.9% quarter-over-quarter. It is attributed to Model 3 production being extremely costly right now with little deliveries. Investors will be happy to know that Tesla is not planning another capital raise despite its wider losses: “Between cash on hand, future cash flows and available lines of credit, we believe that we are well capitalized to accommodate the revised ramp of Model 3 production to 5,000 per week. Upon achieving this production level, we expect to generate significant cash flows from operating activities.” Here’s the shareholder letter in full: 
View this document on Scribd Tesla is a transportation and energy company. It sells vehicles under its 'Tesla Motors' division and stationary battery pack for home, commercial and utility-scale projects under its 'Tesla Energy' division.  
@FredericLambert
 Fred is the Editor in Chief and Main Writer at Electrek. You can send tips on Twitter (DMs open) or via email: fred@9to5mac.com Tesla updates rough Model 3 delivery estimates Tesla hypes new Autopilot functions enabled by new AI &... Tesla news from Q3 shareholders letter Chevy Bolt EV sales are still slowly climbing 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/come-tesla-earnings-tsla-195239276.html

YouTube/iPhone-Fan  Tesla on Wednesday reported the largest quarterly loss in its history and said it was cutting production on two of its vehicle models. Here are the key third-quarter numbers (expectations via Bloomberg): The company said it planned to produce "about 10% fewer" units of its Model S and Model X models in the fourth quarter and reallocate resources to the Model 3, its newest. Tesla expects to hit a Model 3 production rate of 5,000 vehicles a week by late in the first quarter of 2018. "While we continue to make significant progress each week in fixing Model 3 bottlenecks, the nature of manufacturing challenges during a ramp such as this makes it difficult to predict exactly how long it will take for all bottlenecks to be cleared or when new ones will appear," Tesla said in its statement. Tesla said in October that it produced only 260 vehicles, well below its target of 1,500. CEO Elon Musk said the Model 3 was "deep in production hell." Tesla's negative free cash flow expanded to -$1.4 billion, more than analysts' forecast of -$1.2 billion. The company said it was working with organizations in Puerto Rico to provide solar panels following the devastation left by Hurricane Maria in late September. Installations of its energy-storage units rose 138% year over year in the third quarter, driven by the Powerwall, its at-home battery. Tesla shares fell as much as 5% in extended trading after the earnings release. Tesla has surged 51% this year through Wednesday's close, and its market cap at various points has surpassed those of rivals including Ford, Fiat Chrysler, and General Motors. NOW WATCH: $6 TRILLION INVESTMENT CHIEF: Bitcoin is a bubble See Also: SEE ALSO: Here are the most important things to look for in Tesla's third-quarter earnings 

http://www.livetradingnews.com/teslas-nasdaqtsla-model-3-delayed-cash-burns-59759.html

Tesla’s (NASDAQ:TSLA) M-3 Delayed, Cash Burns, Biggest Q Loss Ever $TSLA Tesla, a Waterfall of Misses TSLA shares down nearly 6% and falling pre-market in NY, as the Quarterly loss was bigger than any analyst expected. Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) posted a net loss of $619.4-M, or 3.70/share, for Q-3 ended 30 September compared with a profit of $21.9-M, or 0.14/share, a year earlier. Revenue rose 30% to $2.98-B. Excluding items, the company lost 2.92/share. Tesla warned that its adjusted gross margin would decline to about 15% due to a higher mix of lower-margin Model 3 deliveries in Q-4, but then recover in Q-1 of Y 2018. Mr. Musk’s M-3 deliveries forecast not to be taken seriously. Tesla Inc. again pushed its target for its  Model 3 as production setbacks at its battery Gigafacatory contributed to record cash burning by hypemeister Elon Musk’s EV maker. The company now hopes to make 5,000 of the cars per week by late in Q-1 of Y 2018, rather than by the end of Y 2017, Mr. Musk wrote in a letter to shareholders Wednesday. The main constraint holding back output is on the assembly line that packages battery cells at Tesla’s gigafactory near Reno, Nevada he said. Tesla shares dropped 4.1% to $307.80 as of 4:54 p.m. in New York, after the close of regular trading. “While we continue to make significant progress each week in fixing Model 3 bottlenecks, the nature of manufacturing challenges during a ramp such as this makes it difficult to predict exactly how long it will take for all bottlenecks to be cleared or when new ones will appear,” Mr. Musk and CFO Deepak Ahuja wrote in the shareholder letter. The early setbacks lengthens the wait for hundreds of thousands of reservation holders and extends the payoff period for investors who want to start seeing returns from the billions the company has spent to expand, those orders can be cancelled on notice and the $1000 deposits due back on demand. Tesla shares have surged for the year, they have begun to decline, since the EV maker said last month that unspecified bottlenecks led to significantly fewer Model 3s (about 220 Vs the 1500 goal) being produced in Q-3 than its forecast. Mr. Musk burned $1.42-B of Tesla’s cash in Q-2,, surpassing the $1.16-B the company burnt in the prior Quarter. Without another huge infusion of cash, Tesla may be required to file for protection under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Act. Note: All rentier businesses fail, this time it is not different. And it does not matter the Boy Scout Musk is camping out on the roof of the building to oversea production… The Big Q: Are the sharks circling yet? All of my Key technical indicators have turned Very Bearish TSLA ahead of the coming Q-3 earnings call, which analysts expect to be grim. I am calling the stock to 250, then 200, then 150, then 75. Stay tuned…   battery, bearish, burn, cash, delay, gigafactory, Model 3, production, rentier, Tesla, TSLA  Tesla’s (NASDAQ:TSLA) M-3 Delayed, Cash Burns, Biggest Q Loss Ever added by Paul Ebeling on November 2, 2017View all posts by Paul Ebeling → 

https://qz.com/1118191/elon-musk-says-tesla-tsla-could-start-making-cars-in-china-in-2020/

The first made-in-China Tesla could arrive in three years. Elon Musk, Tesla’s CEO, made the announcement during the company’s third-quarter earnings call yesterday (Nov. 1), though he also told investors and analysts not to “set your watch by this” as the date was a “rough target.” Musk added that Tesla wouldn’t make any significant capital expenditure in China, the world’s largest electric-vehicle market, until 2019. Musk’s remarks came as Tesla posted its largest quarterly loss due to production problems with the Model 3. In October, Tesla secured a deal to set up a manufacturing hub in Shanghai, independently and without a partner. It could become the first foreign automaker to do so in China. Musk said that the company would be making the smaller and cheaper Model 3 and probably the upcoming Model Y, but not the Model S and Model X, in its Chinese manufacturing facility. “It’s really the only way to make the cars affordable in China,” said Musk. He added that the factory could turn out “at least a couple hundred thousand vehicles ” every year. Tesla made one-seventh of its overall revenue in China from 2016 to 2017, where Tesla’s sticker price is currently about 50% more expensive than in the US. 

http://www.livetradingnews.com/teslas-nasdaqtsla-model-3-delayed-cash-burns-59759.html

Tesla’s (NASDAQ:TSLA) M-3 Delayed, Cash Burns, Biggest Q Loss Ever $TSLA Tesla, a Waterfall of Misses TSLA shares down nearly 6% and falling pre-market in NY, as the Quarterly loss was bigger than any analyst expected. Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) posted a net loss of $619.4-M, or 3.70/share, for Q-3 ended 30 September compared with a profit of $21.9-M, or 0.14/share, a year earlier. Revenue rose 30% to $2.98-B. Excluding items, the company lost 2.92/share. Tesla warned that its adjusted gross margin would decline to about 15% due to a higher mix of lower-margin Model 3 deliveries in Q-4, but then recover in Q-1 of Y 2018. Mr. Musk’s M-3 deliveries forecast not to be taken seriously. Tesla Inc. again pushed its target for its  Model 3 as production setbacks at its battery Gigafacatory contributed to record cash burning by hypemeister Elon Musk’s EV maker. The company now hopes to make 5,000 of the cars per week by late in Q-1 of Y 2018, rather than by the end of Y 2017, Mr. Musk wrote in a letter to shareholders Wednesday. The main constraint holding back output is on the assembly line that packages battery cells at Tesla’s gigafactory near Reno, Nevada he said. Tesla shares dropped 4.1% to $307.80 as of 4:54 p.m. in New York, after the close of regular trading. “While we continue to make significant progress each week in fixing Model 3 bottlenecks, the nature of manufacturing challenges during a ramp such as this makes it difficult to predict exactly how long it will take for all bottlenecks to be cleared or when new ones will appear,” Mr. Musk and CFO Deepak Ahuja wrote in the shareholder letter. The early setbacks lengthens the wait for hundreds of thousands of reservation holders and extends the payoff period for investors who want to start seeing returns from the billions the company has spent to expand, those orders can be cancelled on notice and the $1000 deposits due back on demand. Tesla shares have surged for the year, they have begun to decline, since the EV maker said last month that unspecified bottlenecks led to significantly fewer Model 3s (about 220 Vs the 1500 goal) being produced in Q-3 than its forecast. Mr. Musk burned $1.42-B of Tesla’s cash in Q-2,, surpassing the $1.16-B the company burnt in the prior Quarter. Without another huge infusion of cash, Tesla may be required to file for protection under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Act. Note: All rentier businesses fail, this time it is not different. And it does not matter the Boy Scout Musk is camping out on the roof of the building to oversea production… The Big Q: Are the sharks circling yet? All of my Key technical indicators have turned Very Bearish TSLA ahead of the coming Q-3 earnings call, which analysts expect to be grim. I am calling the stock to 250, then 200, then 150, then 75. Stay tuned…   battery, bearish, burn, cash, delay, gigafactory, Model 3, production, rentier, Tesla, TSLA  Tesla’s (NASDAQ:TSLA) M-3 Delayed, Cash Burns, Biggest Q Loss Ever added by Paul Ebeling on November 2, 2017View all posts by Paul Ebeling → 

https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/scottscott-attorneys-at-law-llp-investigates-tesla-inc-tsla-for-potential-breaches-of-fiduciary-duty-by-its-board-of-directors-300548001.html

 News provided by Nov 01, 2017, 18:01 ET  Share this article NEW YORK, Nov. 1, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP ("Scott+Scott"), a national shareholder and consumer rights litigation firm, is investigating whether certain officers and directors of Tesla, Inc. ("Tesla" or the "Company") (NASDAQ:    TSLA) breached their fiduciary duties owed to the Company and its shareholders.  If you are a Tesla shareholder, you are encouraged to contact Scott+Scott for additional information.  Tesla designs, manufactures, and sells high-performance electric sedans and sport utility vehicles, as well as electric vehicle powertrain components.  Scott+Scott's investigation focuses on whether certain members of Tesla's Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties by failing to prevent executives and the Company from stating that Tesla was prepared for the launch of its Model 3 sedan at a time when Tesla allegedly had inadequate inventory and was unprepared to launch the Model 3 sedan as anticipated. On November 1, 2017, after the market closed, the Company announced its third quarter earnings results, revealing that previously promised volume production and deliveries in 2017 are now expected to occur by late first quarter 2018.  On this, and other news, Tesla's stock traded after hours below $310 per share. What You Can Do If you are a Tesla shareholder, you may have legal claims against Tesla's officers and directors.  If you wish to discuss this investigation, or have questions about this notice or your legal rights, please contact attorney Joe Pettigrew at (844) 818-6982, or at jpettigrew@scott-scott.com.    About Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP Scott+Scott has significant experience in prosecuting major securities, antitrust, and employee retirement plan actions throughout the United States.  The firm represents pension funds, foundations, individuals, and other entities worldwide with offices in New York, London, Connecticut, California, and Ohio. CONTACT: Joe PettigrewScott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP(844) 818-6982jpettigrew@scott-scott.com   View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/scottscott-attorneys-at-law-llp-investigates-tesla-inc-tsla-for-potential-breaches-of-fiduciary-duty-by-its-board-of-directors-300548001.html SOURCE Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tesla-inc-tsla-stock-following-levels/

Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) reported its latest batch of earnings Wednesday after the close of trading. Although the stock is still well higher for the year, it hasn’t done anything for bullish investors since June, and the souring mood among the impatient trading and investing crowd is palpable. Yet, therein might just lie the best opportunity. So you know, Tesla in its latest quarter posted a worse than expected loss but did beat on the top line. Because much investor focus for now is around the company’s ability to ramp up production of its Model 3 car, investors weren’t terribly excited to hear that there are still bottlenecks in production of this vehicle. Before looking at some charts, allow me to say a word around investor mood on Tesla stock. In my thus-far 20-year career as a trader and investor I have never seen investor mood as polarized around any stock as it currently is in TSLA stock. From conversations with institutional and affluent investors all the way to public message boards, the degree of investor emotions I see both bullish and bearish on this stock is of epic proportions. This leads to a more volatile stock (which TSLA is) and also to more raging rallies and sell-offs. 
Click to Enlarge Moving averages legend: red – 200 week, blue – 100 week, yellow – 50 week Looking at the multiyear weekly chart of TSLA stock, we see that after a multiyear sideways push the stock this past April finally broke out of this range to the upside. By June however the stock became overbought and has since largely been in a consolidation phase. Although the stock did have a first corrective period in July to work off the immediate overbought readings, at this point it looks like the stock could do another classic re-test of former technical resistance around the $280-$290 area before finding better support. 
Click to Enlarge Moving averages legend: red – 200 day, blue – 100 day, yellow – 50 day On the daily chart, we see this former resistance area a little better (blue horizontal), which also lines up with a 50% retracement of the entire rally off the late 2016 lows up into the June 2017 highs. In other words, if TSLA stock can retest this $280-$290 confluence support area then in my eye a better level to buy the stock from a tactical perspective presents itself. This, so you know, would also mean that TSLA stock has “corrected” about 30% off the June highs, which traditionally is a healthy percentage pullback for growth stocks. Check out Anthony Mirhaydari’s Daily Market Outlook for Nov. 2. Tell us what you think about this article! Drop us an email at editor@investorplace.com, chat with us on Twitter at @InvestorPlace or comment on the post on Facebook. Read more about our comments policy here. Take Serge’s quiz to find out which trading strategy best suits your personality. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tesla-inc-tsla-stock-following-levels/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/01/digging-up-the-facts-on-tesla-inc-tsla-4/

Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Auto Manufacturers – Major. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $331.53, up from yesterday’s close by 3.58%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis Money managers are always interested in a company that can find the right recipe of fundamental data because it reflects something important going on underneath the surface. Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) currently trades with a market capitalization of $56.24 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 119.65 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For TSLA, the company currently has $3.15 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $828.53 Million current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $-3.16 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $-2.3 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 57.88% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis As most professionals know, technical analysis can offer critical insights into what smart money and insiders think about a stock’s prospects going forward. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Tesla, Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $389.61. It is now trading 58.08% off that level. The stock is trading $350.75 its 50-day moving average by 19.22%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $178.19. In recent action, Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) has made a move of -4.77% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 22.64, and it’s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 22.09% with $124.15 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of TSLA. 

https://postanalyst.com/2017/11/01/an-end-of-day-technical-review-tesla-inc-tsla-hp-inc-hpq/

Tesla, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) last session’s volume of 5.64 million shares was lower than its average volume of 5.76 million shares. The stock, after opening at $320.23, hit $331.53 through the close by scoring 3.58%.  Tesla, Inc. has a consensus hold rating from 23 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 22.09% of shares outstanding. The stock sank -2.93% last month and is up 55.15 this year. Wall Street is only getting neutral on the stock, with 7 of analysts who cover TSLA having a buy-equivalent rating. Analysts have placed a $324.33 price target on Tesla, Inc., suggesting a -2.17% decline from recent close. It’s currently trading about -14.91% below its 52-week high.  Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) surprised the stock market in its last reported earnings when it earned -$1.33 a piece versus the consensus-estimated -$1.83. Its revenue totaled $2.51 billion down -6.84% from the previous quarter.   This stock (TSLA) is ahead of its 52-week low with 86.05%. Its last month’s stock price volatility remained 2.94% which for the week stands at 2.63%. The share price has moved backward from its 20 days moving average, trading at a distance of -4.04% and stays -5.51% away from its 50 days moving average. Over the last five days, shares have faced -1.72% losses and now is up 4.36% since hitting its 200-day moving average of $341.49. Tesla, Inc. (TSLA) has made its way to a 12-month gain of 67.67%.  Turning to HP Inc. (NYSE:HPQ), its shares were trading at $21.55 a gain of $0.16, on the trading floor. The stock, after opening at $21.43, touched a high of $21.705 before paring much of its gains. So far, analysts are sticking with their neutral recommendations with the consensus call at 2. HP Inc. has 8 buy ratings, 6 holds and 0 sells even after the stock tumbled -3.39% from its high of $ 22.3059 to a $36.03 billion market value through last close.  The company’s consensus rating on Reuter’s scale slipped from 1.95 to 1.89 during a month. Analysts set a 12-month price target of $22.94 a share. The target implies a 6.45% spike from where the shares are currently trading. Also, the current price highlights a discount of 20.65% to analysts’ high consensus price target.  The counter witnessed a trading volume of 9.73 million shares versus an average volume of 10.08 million shares during last trading session. Its last month’s stock price volatility remained 1.45% which for the week approaches 1.58%. The lowest price the stock reached in the last trading day was $21.43 and compares with the $14.28 52-week low. The stock recovered 53.6% since its low point and has performed 45.22% year-to-date. 

