https://qz.com/1114096/alphabet-goog-amazon-amzn-apple-aapl-facebook-fb-and-microsoft-msft-have-added-nearly-1-trillion-in-value-in-2017/

It’s a great day, and year, to own stock in America’s technology sector. Mostly, the reasons were clear: Amazon, Microsoft, and Alphabet reported expectation-beating earnings yesterday (Oct. 26) after trading hours, and Apple saw strong demand for its new iPhone X overnight. As for Facebook, apparently a rising tide lifts all boats. By 1:30pm ET today, the market capitalization of those companies increased by $181 billion. For the sake of comparison, Goldman Sachs has a market cap of $93 billion. This year so far has been a big one for these companies, which have added nearly $1 trillion in value. And it’s only October—at current rates, these companies will have accrued that $1 trillion in market capitalization by the end of the year. Who knows, it could even happen next week when Facebook and Apple report earnings. 

https://qz.com/1113129/amazon-amzn-third-quarter-earnings-shares-soar-after-amazon-beats-expectations/

Amazon has never particularly cared about hitting short-term earnings expectations. But when it does, investors go crazy. Shares of Amazon surged 8% in after-hours trading today (Oct. 26) after the company beat third-quarter expectations. Amazon reported $256 million in profit, roughly comparable to net income in the same quarter a year earlier. It generated $43.7 billion in sales, up 34% year over year and comfortably above the $42 billion in revenue that analysts were expecting. The results mean that Amazon’s sales growth has now accelerated for four straight quarters, a good sign for the company as sales growth in its crucial Amazon Web Services unit has stagnated. AWS, Amazon’s cloud services business and a reliable revenue-generator, contributed $4.6 billion in revenue in the most recent quarter, up 42% from the third quarter of 2017. That’s about the same rate that AWS grew at in the second quarter of this year, and slower than any other quarter in recent years. The main event of Amazon’s third quarter was, of course, the $13.7 billion acquisition of Whole Foods that it completed in August. Amazon said Whole Foods contributed $1.3 billion in sales this past quarter, which ended Sept. 30. Whole Foods reported $3.7 billion in sales in its quarter ended July 2, its last one as an independent public company. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/amazon-amzn-3rd-quarter-earnings-what-to-expect-cm865743

Amazon earnings (Shutterstock photo) Retail giant Amazon (AMZN) is set to report third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings results after the closing bell Thursday. In the three months that ended September, the Seattle-based company is expected to earn 3 cents per share on revenue of $42.05 billion. This compares to the year-ago quarter when the company earned 52 cents per share on $32.71 billion in revenue. For the full year, ending December, EPS is expected to be $3.63 per share, down from $4.90 per share a year ago, while full year revenue of $174.65 billion would rise 28.4% year over year. Clearly, the e-commerce giant is still projected to put up impressive growth numbers. Notably, this is even though Amazon — now valued at close to $500 billion — is almost twice the size of Wal-Mart (WMT). That said, the company did miss its second quarter earnings estimates and signaled increased capital spending, which spooked investors into selling AMZN stock. The shares took a massive haircut as a result, falling from its all-time high of $1,083 to around $936. While the shares have rebounded somewhat, the stock is still down 7% in three months, suggesting investors are anxious whether CEO Jeff Bezos — as he’s known to do — will decide if it’s time to mash the profit accelerator or continue to building out his vision, which ultimately means higher spending. As such, on Thursday, analysts will also focus on the company’s profit margins, looking for any hint into Bezos’ thinking and whether the stock deserves its consensus price target of $1163, which calls for 20% rise from current levels. Amazon continues to invest in ways to strengthen its logistics, while also expanding internationally. The company’s plans for Whole Foods acquisition will also be a hot topic. Amazon, which immediately cut prices of some selected grocery products, has wasted no time dictating food prices. The acquisition is a way for Amazon to broaden its Prime shopper base. How much of a contribution has Whole Foods made? Piper Jaffray analysts are modeling for $1.4 billion. Beyond the top and bottom line numbers and the impact of Whole Foods, the Street will want to see how the company’s AWS (Amazon Web Services) cloud platform performs, which will dictate how much of a focus should be placed on the company’s capital spending. AWS boats more than half of Fortune 500 companies on the platform to run their businesses. It’s still the clear-cut leader in cloud market share and accounts for more than half of Amazon's operating profits in 2016, up ten percentage points than 2015. At the same time, however, competing cloud platforms from Microsoft (MSFT) and Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) are gaining traction. In the second quarter, AWS revenue rose 42% year over year to $4.1 billion, showing that it is still growing impressively. To the extent AWS, which grew 55% in the year-ago quarter, can grow at 40%-plus Thursday the Street will be pleased. This is because despite the growth deceleration, AWS is still growing twice as faster the retail segment, while producing operating margins that are ten times higher. In other words, AWS carries tons of muscle. And if Amazon can flex more of it Thursday the stock should fly towards all-time highs, and in the process assuaging investor fears about any increased sending the company may wish to adopt to maintain its competitive edge. At the time of publication, the author was long AMZN stock. 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/amazon-com-inc-amzn-4/

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) posted its third-quarter results Thursday afternoon. The company reported its earnings after the market closed, which saw AMZN shares soar on the e-commerce retailer’s impressive results. Earnings came in at 52 cents per share, which was in line with the year-ago mark. Revenue was a strong point for Amazon, coming in at $43.7 billion, ahead of the $42.19 billion that analysts were calling for, and ahead of the year-ago mark by 34%. One of the most important elements of the period was the acquisition of Whole Foods, which saw the retailer take over a segment of the grocery industry. Prime Day was important for the company as it helped retail growth to increase, especially in international markets, according to the company’s CFO. Amazon Web Services is the strongest segment of the retailer, growing 42% year-over-year and amounting to 11% of the company’s total revenue. The cloud computing unit is also growing at a fast rate for the retailer, surging to $4.6 billion in the period, ahead of the $3.2 billion from a year ago. Amazon predicts that it will rake in between $56 billion and $60.5 billion in sales during its fourth quarter, which marks a growth of between 28% and 38% for the period. The forecast is fueled by the Whole Foods acquisition, as well as a favorable foreign exchange rate. Operating income is slated to be between $300 million and $1.65 billion, compared with $1.3 billion in the year-ago quarter. AMZN shares soared 7.6% after the bell. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/amazon-com-inc-amzn-4/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://cnafinance.com/amazon-com-amzn-stock-gaining-on-strong-earnings/16934

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) is having an overwhelmingly strong start to the trading session in the pre-market hours this morning, and for good reason. The company reported earnings for the most recent quarter, blowing away expectations. Of course, this excited investors, sending the stock toward the top and prompting our partners at Trade Ideas to alert us to the movement. Currently (8:38), AMZN is trading at $1053.00 per share after a gain of $80.57 per share or 8.29% thus far today. As mentioned above, Amazon is having an overwhelmingly strong start to the trading session this morning after reporting earnings for the third quarter. Generally, the third quarter is a heavy investment period ahead of the holiday season, so growth isn't all that strong during the quarter. However, that didn't prove to be true this time around. While the company did it's late-year spending, strong sales in North America and increased revenue from AWS offset this spending, leading to an incredible quarter for AMZN. Here's what we saw: Stop wasting your time! Start finding winning trades in minutes with Trade Ideas! Moving forward, the CNA Finance team will continue to keep a close eye on AMZN. In particular, we're interested in following the continued growth of AWS. The company also saw compelling revenue driven from Whole Foods, and we're interested in watching this as it continues to expand. Nonetheless, we'll continue to follow the story closely and bring the news to you as it breaks! Do you want real-time, actionable news delivered to your inbox? Join the CNA Finance mailing list below!  
 
 
  

   

https://qz.com/1113129/amazon-amzn-third-quarter-earnings-shares-soar-after-amazon-beats-expectations/

Amazon has never particularly cared about hitting short-term earnings expectations. But when it does, investors go crazy. Shares of Amazon surged 8% in after-hours trading today (Oct. 26) after the company beat third-quarter expectations. Amazon reported $256 million in profit, roughly comparable to net income in the same quarter a year earlier. It generated $43.7 billion in sales, up 34% year over year and comfortably above the $42 billion in revenue that analysts were expecting. The results mean that Amazon’s sales growth has now accelerated for four straight quarters, a good sign for the company as sales growth in its crucial Amazon Web Services unit has stagnated. AWS, Amazon’s cloud services business and a reliable revenue-generator, contributed $4.6 billion in revenue in the most recent quarter, up 42% from the third quarter of 2017. That’s about the same rate that AWS grew at in the second quarter of this year, and slower than any other quarter in recent years. The main event of Amazon’s third quarter was, of course, the $13.7 billion acquisition of Whole Foods that it completed in August. Amazon said Whole Foods contributed $1.3 billion in sales this past quarter, which ended Sept. 30. Whole Foods reported $3.7 billion in sales in its quarter ended July 2, its last one as an independent public company. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/nonamazon-earnings-news-shows-how-powerful-amazon-amzn-really-is-cm866731

Amazon (Shutterstock photo) Two days ago, after UPS (UPS) beat earnings expectations, I wrote an article that suggested buying Amazon (AMZN) ahead of earnings. I was pleased to see the massive beat that they reported yesterday, but when that is combined with some other news from yesterday, it is clear that you should hang on to at least some of that stock for the long term. Earnings dominated yesterday’s news, with well over three hundred public companies reporting their results for the third quarter. There can be no doubt as to the big winners in earnings yesterday. Two other giant U.S. tech companies, Alphabet (GOOG: GOOGL) and Microsoft (MSFT) joined Amazon in beating expectations by wide margins, but there were plenty of other stories to consider. We heard that CVS (CVS) is trying to buy health insurer Aetna (AET) in a reportedly $66 billion deal, and department store JC Penney (JCP) released yet another gloomy outlook. There was a flood of seemingly unrelated news from multiple sources, but those stories can all be connected through Amazon. The most obvious connection is that between Amazon and the two companies whose main business is retail, CVS and JCP. There is a common narrative that says that Amazon is destroying traditional retail right now, but that is not strictly accurate. They are dominant in e-commerce for sure, but still only account for a small percentage of total U.S. retail sales, and are significantly smaller in that regard than somebody like Wal-Mart (WMT). What is really causing ructions is not Amazon’s current market share, but fear of what is to come. The move by CVS, for example, could be just another example of consolidation by vertical integration that has become all the rage in the healthcare market rather than as having anything to do with Amazon. The healthcare system in the U.S. leads the world by far in terms of costs and yet is way down the list in terms of outcomes, and that has been the case for decades, so something has to change. Consolidation is, according to the companies involved, a way of improving efficiency and the patient experience, although more cynical minds may look at it as an attempt to become too big to fail before the finger of blame points in their direction. Merging CVS, who started as a retail company but is already involved in service delivery (Minute Clinics) and pharmacy benefit management, with an insurer makes sense on several levels not related to Amazon. However, it cannot be a coincidence that the idea is floated as it becomes increasingly clear that Bezos et al are about to get into the retail pharmacy business. What is driving things here is not Amazon’s current presence or market share, but fear of what they may and could do to profitability. That fear is justified. What Amazon has shown in the past is that they are quite prepared to operate on razor-thin margins to fund growth, and that the market is quite happy with that situation. The operating margin of under 1% that Amazon “achieved” this quarter would sink many other stocks, even in growth-oriented companies, but Amazon is, rightfully, given a pass on that by investors. I have pointed out before that what many miss when they talk about the so called “Amazon model,” where profits don’t matter and growth is pursued constantly, is that Amazon has shown in the past that they can turn on the profit tap, seemingly at will. From 2007-2010, as the recession hit retail hard, they more than doubled their profits before going back to massive investment and often losses in the following years. That ability makes growth at Amazon even more valuable. I cannot say that their impressive report came as a surprise, as is obvious from the above referenced article.  What did, though, was the extent to which nearly every corporate news story that broke yesterday is connected to Amazon’s performance and growth. Some might argue that ultimately that will not prove to be healthy, but what it says right now is that AMZN still has a lot more upside, and that yesterday’s jump in the stock is just the beginning. 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/amazon-com-inc-amzn-stock-rally-earnings/

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) reminded Wall Street last night that it is still a growth powerhouse … at least on the revenue side of things. But then, sales growth has never really been a problem for Amazon. The company has seen revenue rise by more than 20% annually for the past five years. Amazon’s problem has always been spending, and regardless of today’s AMZN stock rally, you can the results clearly in the company’s earnings. Prior to last quarter, Amazon had posted net income growth for eight straight quarters. That winning streak ended in July, as Amazon increased spending on content for Amazon Prime Video and shelled out $13.7 billion for Whole Foods. Still, third-quarter earnings results were better than expected — including spending. Amazon said it earned 52 cents per share, and, while not a gain, results were flat with the same quarter last year. Analysts were expecting heavier spending, with earnings forecasts looking for a profit in a range of 2 cents to 7 cents per share, depending on who you ask. While spending will remain a concern heading into 2018, it looks like Amazon has things under control for the time being. And that’s a major boon heading into the holiday shopping season … and for AMZN stock options traders. Sentiment is only growing stronger on Amazon stock. The brokerage community emerged this morning to flood the shares with AMZN stock price target increases: What’s more, Amazon has also scored at least a pair of ratings upgrades from Raymond James (to outperform from market perform) and Monness Crespi Hardt (to buy from neutral). Overall, Thomson/First Call reports that 39 of the 44 analysts following AMZN stock have given it a “buy” or better. 
Click to Enlarge That’s a lot of bullish sentiment that would give any contrarian cause for concern. But AMZN stock technicals are still backing the bullish line. The shares opened more than 9% higher this morning, putting Amazon stock above former resistance at $1,050. Given the shares’ momentum, $1,100 could be well within AMZN’s reach by the end of the year — if not the end of next month. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/amazon-com-inc-amzn-stock-rally-earnings/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3305221-analysts-raise-amazon-price-targets-earnings

        Morgan Stanley raises its Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) price target by $100 to $1,250 with an Overweight rating following yesterday’s Q3 report.                Analyst Brian Nowak cites acceleration in the high margin retail subscription and other/advertising businesses along with Amazon “deepening its competitive moat” through investments.                 Jefferies analyst Brent Thill increases his price target by $100 to $1,350 with a Buy rating.                 Thill cites the strong Prime membership growth in the quarter and thinks Q4 operating income guidance was “conservative as usual.”                    Source: Bloomberg First Word                     Amazon shares are up 8.29% premarket.     Previously: Amazon beats by $0.49, beats on revenue (Oct. 26) Previously: Amazon soars after earnings smasher (Oct. 26) See all stocks on the move » 

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/10/10240551/analyst-amazed-with-amazons-top-and-bottom-beat-and-rai

Wells Fargo Securities was left mesmerized by  Amazon.com, Inc.  (NASDAQ: AMZN)'s  third-quarter results,  with the firm qualifying the  results  as a lot better than expected. The firm reiterated its Outperform rating and raised its price target on the shares from $1,400 to $1,430. In pre-market trading, shares of Amazon were rallying 9.11 percent to $1,060.98. Analyst Ken Sena noted that the  company  reported third-quarter results that clearly exceeded his expectations and the expectations of most. The analyst said the standout was, however, the company's fourth-quarter guidance, which at the mid-point was above the top- and bottom-line estimates of Street. The analyst sees this as bolstering his broader industry thesis that underlying advances with data collection, computing efficiency and a broader industry transition toward a more adaptive-style of computing would hasten efficient expansion into new areas (see Sena's track record here). "Moreover, as Prime, Fresh, and other new store formats (e.g., Go, Bookstores, etc.) become more integrated into the company's Wholesale Foods business, we see an even stronger chance for such expansion in Amazon's case," the analyst added. As a supporting evidence, Wells Fargo noted that just ahead of the earnings call, news emerged that the company has received wholesale pharmacy licenses in 12 states.  See also:   5 E-Commerce Stocks To Watch   On key metrics, the firm noted that total revenues rose 34 percent year-over-year to $43.7 billion, ahead of the Street estimate of $41.7 billion. Core revenue growth accelerated to 30 percent, the firm added. Excluding Whole Foods' contribution of $1.3 billion, the firm said revenues were $42.5 billion, 2 percent ahead of its forecast. The firm attributed the outperformance to strength across revenue segments, as Online Stores revenue, Subscription Services revenue and Other Revenue all accelerated on a forex neutral basis, relative to the second quarter. Consequently, the firm noted that operating income came in at $347 million, ahead of its estimates, and margins were 80 basis points ahead of its estimates. As such, the firm raised its fourth quarter and 2018 revenue estimates by 8 percent, each, to $60.6 billion and $232.2 billion, respectively, fully factoring in Whole Foods.  The firm said it expects Amazon to remain aggressive and experimental when it comes to pricing and new in-store/delivery strategies pertaining to Whole Foods. Therefore, the firm maintains its operating income estimates for the fourth quarter and 2018 at $1.50 billion and $6.94 billion, respectively. At time of publication, shares of Amazon were up 8.45 percent at $1,054.58. 
View More Analyst Ratings for AMZN

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
 Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas News Guidance Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 

