https://qz.com/1113031/alphabet-goog-beat-on-q3-earnings-because-its-whole-business-is-still-google-googl/

Time is a flat circle. Alphabet announced its third-quarter earnings today (Oct. 26), and yet again, it brought in a ton of cash, almost entirely from Google’s advertising business. The company generated $27.8 billion in revenue, up 24% from the same quarter last year, making this Alphabet’s highest-revenue quarter ever. (The previous record was $26.06 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016.) Roughly $24.1 billion of that revenue, or about 87%, came from Google’s ad sales. Alphabet reported $7.8 billion in profit for the quarter, up about 35% from the same period a year earlier. Most of the remainder of Alphabet’s revenue, about $3.4 billion, came from other revenue streams at Google, including hardware sales, cloud services, and sales of subscription services like YouTube TV and Google Play music, chief financial officer Ruth Porat said on the company’s earnings call. Just $302 million (around 1% of Alphabet’s revenue) came from sales from every other Alphabet company, lumped into the “Other Bets” bucket of its earnings. Analysts surveyed ahead of earnings had expected Alphabet to only bring in around $22 billion in revenue. The large beat saw the company’s Class A shares rising over $40 (about 4%) in after-hours trading. It remains to be seen whether investors will tire of Alphabet relying on the same old revenue sources. The company has been massively successful selling ads against search results on its own sites and apps, and selling ads on other companies’ websites. While those businesses show no signs of slowing, Alphabet has also invested billions into researching and developing a series of ambitious “moonshot” projects. It’s unclear whether those so-called Other Bets will ever be as important to Alphabet’s bottom line as its search engine has been. Those moonshots include self-driving cars at Waymo, internet-beaming balloons and delivery drones in the X research lab, defeating death at Calico, and myriad other companies. They have largely been money pits for Alphabet since the company spun them out from its core Google business in 2015. The only real revenue that’s come out of Other Bets to date has been hardware sales from Nest, Alphabet’s internet-of-things device company, and Fiber, its fiber-optic internet service. 

https://searchengineland.com/alphabet-goog-third-quarter-beats-estimates-27-8-billion-revenues-24-285675

Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google parent Alphabet announced third-quarter results. Both revenues and earnings per share beat Wall Street estimates. The company reported roughly $27.8 billion in total revenues (up 24 percent), with Google contributing all but $302 million of that amount. Earnings per share were $9.57, which was about $1.24 higher than expected. Advertising generated just over $24 billion in quarterly revenue. Operating income was about $7.8 billion. However, traffic acquisition costs (TAC) rose to $3.1 billion (vs. $2.6 billion a year ago). There are sure to be analyst questions about that item. The revenue breakdown by segment: Paid clicks on Google properties were up 6 percent year over year and aggregate cost per click (CPC) was up 1 percent. Here’s more detail: Paid click growth was significant. However, CPCs were down (18 percent) from a year ago but up slightly (1 percent) from last quarter. Alphabet (GOOG) shares are up in after-hours trading. The company says it now has more than 78,000 employees, compared with just under 70,000 a year ago. The earnings call webcast is happening now. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. March 13-15, 2018: SMX West June 11-13, 2018: SMX Advanced Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: April 23-25, 2018: San Jose 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/alphabet-inc-goog-googl-has-broken-out-to-a-new-high-on-q3-results-20171027-00704

 (RTTNews.com) - Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) reported third quarter EPS of $9.57 after the close Thursday, up from $7.25 a year ago. The consensus estimate was for EPS of $8.33. Alphabet has gapped open sharply higher Friday morning and is now up 43.55 at $1034.97. The stock has broken out past resistance and has set a new high for the year. For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com 

https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/10/29/ubs-ag-reiterates-buy-rating-for-alphabet-inc-goog.html


					Posted by Erica Schwartz on Oct 29th, 2017 // No Comments  Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at UBS AG in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on GOOG. Deutsche Bank AG  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Wednesday. JMP Securities  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday. Barclays PLC  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday. Morgan Stanley  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday. Finally, Macquarie  reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned  a hold rating and thirty-nine have assigned  a buy rating to the company. Alphabet presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $1,038.67. Alphabet (GOOG) traded up 4.80% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $1019.27. The stock had a trading volume of 5,167,689 shares. The stock has a market cap of $706.23 billion, a PE ratio of 36.94 and a beta of 0.94. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $957.73 and its 200 day moving average is $935.53. Alphabet has a one year low of $727.54 and a one year high of $1,048.39.  Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, October 26th. The information services provider reported $9.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $8.31 by $1.26. The company had revenue of $27.77 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $27.17 billion. Alphabet had a net margin of 20.09% and a return on equity of 14.59%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 23.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $9.06 EPS.  Equities research analysts expect that  Alphabet will post $30.63 EPS for the current year.  In other Alphabet news, Director L John Doerr sold 13,556 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, August 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $922.15, for a total value of $12,500,665.40. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 3,485 shares in the company, valued at $3,213,692.75. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, August 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $926.79, for a total transaction of $3,707,160.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 1,389 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,287,311.31. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 40,169 shares of company stock valued at $37,644,407 in the last 90 days. 13.92% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders.  Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the business. Janus Henderson Group PLC raised its position in shares of  Alphabet by 759.0% in the second quarter. Janus Henderson Group PLC now owns 3,204,087 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $2,911,734,000 after purchasing an additional 2,831,099 shares during the period.  Harbour Capital Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of  Alphabet by 87,001.5% in the second quarter. Harbour Capital Advisors LLC now owns 1,993,754 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $2,194,000 after purchasing an additional 1,991,465 shares during the period.  Koch Industries Inc. raised its position in shares of  Alphabet by 214,636.6% in the second quarter. Koch Industries Inc. now owns 1,161,725 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $1,160,000 after purchasing an additional 1,161,184 shares during the period.  BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of  Alphabet by 4.8% in the second quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 18,058,006 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $16,409,850,000 after purchasing an additional 826,480 shares during the period.  Finally, Capital World Investors raised its position in shares of  Alphabet by 13.9% in the second quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 6,371,356 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $5,789,842,000 after purchasing an additional 776,853 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  34.50% of the company’s stock.  Alphabet Company Profile Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.   Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://www.zdnet.com/article/goog-q3-analysis-googles-rapidly-narrowing-future/

Mobility Pixelbook arrived, Moto X4, Essential Phone, iPhone X orders (MobileTechRoundup #411) 

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in. Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year. Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future. But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify. It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads. Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters: What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to. 

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in. Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year. Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future. But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify. It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads. Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters: What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to. 

https://qz.com/1114096/alphabet-goog-amazon-amzn-apple-aapl-facebook-fb-and-microsoft-msft-have-added-nearly-1-trillion-in-value-in-2017/

It’s a great day, and year, to own stock in America’s technology sector. Mostly, the reasons were clear: Amazon, Microsoft, and Alphabet reported expectation-beating earnings yesterday (Oct. 26) after trading hours, and Apple saw strong demand for its new iPhone X overnight. As for Facebook, apparently a rising tide lifts all boats. By 1:30pm ET today, the market capitalization of those companies increased by $181 billion. For the sake of comparison, Goldman Sachs has a market cap of $93 billion. This year so far has been a big one for these companies, which have added nearly $1 trillion in value. And it’s only October—at current rates, these companies will have accrued that $1 trillion in market capitalization by the end of the year. Who knows, it could even happen next week when Facebook and Apple report earnings. 

https://qz.com/1114096/alphabet-goog-amazon-amzn-apple-aapl-facebook-fb-and-microsoft-msft-have-added-nearly-1-trillion-in-value-in-2017/

It’s a great day, and year, to own stock in America’s technology sector. Mostly, the reasons were clear: Amazon, Microsoft, and Alphabet reported expectation-beating earnings yesterday (Oct. 26) after trading hours, and Apple saw strong demand for its new iPhone X overnight. As for Facebook, apparently a rising tide lifts all boats. By 1:30pm ET today, the market capitalization of those companies increased by $181 billion. For the sake of comparison, Goldman Sachs has a market cap of $93 billion. This year so far has been a big one for these companies, which have added nearly $1 trillion in value. And it’s only October—at current rates, these companies will have accrued that $1 trillion in market capitalization by the end of the year. Who knows, it could even happen next week when Facebook and Apple report earnings. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alphabet-goog-a-hold-on-lackluster-industry-group-rank/

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is ranked as a Hold using Louis Navellier's approach to investing and his Portfolio Grader stock evaluator.  GOOG has maintained this ranking for 3 months. GOOG is a component of the 133 company Internet Software & Services GICS industry group, which is part of the 705 company GICS Information Technology sector. GOOG's market value is $684.7 billion which places it in the top 10% of its industry group The current Portfolio Grader ranking for GOOG puts it 79 among the 133 companies in this industry group, giving it a below-average spot.  Currently, Portfolio Grader ranks the Information Technology sector number 6 among the 12 sectors in its universe putting it in the third quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 24 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it near the average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. Alphabet has realized above-average scores in 3 of the 8 fundamental areas appraised by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average scores in 5 of the areas evaluated in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores provide mixed results with a ranking for operating margin and earnings growth that are below average, while the score for sales growth is above average. Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with rankings for earnings revisions and earnings momentum that are worse than average, while the score for earnings surprises is better than average. GOOG's grade for return on equity is noticeably better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average. These fundamental scores give Alphabet a position in the third quartile of the industry group.  Quantitatively, Portfolio Grader uses the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score to view GOOG's shares from the aspect of risk/reward. This exclusive scoring system balances the relative value of the company's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, GOOG currently scores as average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alphabet-goog-a-hold-on-lackluster-industry-group-rank/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

