https://investorplace.com/2017/10/3-big-stock-charts-for-tuesday-biogen-inc-biib-lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-and-mcdonalds-corporation-mcd/

The earnings cycle is sending some mixed signals for the first time this quarter as three more widely watched stocks provided just “OK” earnings results for the quarter. With the major indices trading at their all-time highs, “OK” results are usually likely to cause traders to start hitting the “sell” button, as we’re seeing on a few stocks today. Today’s three big stock charts analyze the price patterns of Biogen Inc (NASDAQ:BIIB), Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) and McDonald’s Corporation (NYSE:MCD) as two out of three of these companies are trading lower in the wake of their earnings results creating potential buying opportunities.  Biogen shares traded strongly right into their earnings report, suggesting that the company needed to nail their earnings report to avoid a “sell the news” situation that would take BIIB stock back into its trading range. The report didn’t blow investor’s hair back, so let’s see what the chart says now:  Defense stocks have been among the groups of stocks posting strong, low volatility rallies, you know, the kind everyone likes. The problem happens when a company like that misses earnings, the way that Lockheed Martin did. This quarter’s results missed expectations, although management did guide forward earnings higher, which is the saving grace right now. So, is LMT stock a buy on this dip? Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/3-big-stock-charts-for-tuesday-biogen-inc-biib-lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-and-mcdonalds-corporation-mcd/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-stock-163233724.html

Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) stock took a hit today with the release of its earnings report for the third quarter of 2017. Source: Praveer Sharma via Flickr Lockheed Martin Corporation’s earnings report for the third quarter of year started off bad with earnings per share of $3.24. This is down from its earnings per share of $7.93 from the same time last year. It also wasn’t able to reach Wall Street’s earnings per share estimate of $3.26, which isn’t good news for LMT stock. Revenue of $12.17 billion for the third quarter of 2017 also didn’t do LMT stock any favors. Analysts were looking for Lockheed Martin Corporation to report revenue of $12.81 billion during the quarter. Still, it was an increase over its revenue of $11.55 billion from the third quarter of 2016. InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips Lockheed Martin Corporation reported net earnings of $939 million in the third quarter of 2017. This is a large drop from its net earnings of $2.40 billion reported in the same period of the year prior. While the current earnings report hasn’t been the best for LMT stock, it may still have hope for 2017. Lockheed Martin Corporation has increased its outlook for the full year to include earnings per share ranging from $12.85 to $13.15. It was previously expecting earnings per share to come between $12.30 and $12.60. Wall Street is looking for 2017 earnings per share of $12.64. Lockheed Martin Corporation’s guidance increase also extends to its revenue for 2017. The security and aerospace company is expecting revenue to range from $50.00 billion to $51.20 billion. It’s previous guidance had revenue coming between $49.80 billion and $50.00 billion. Analysts are estimating revenue of $50.59 billion for the year. LMT stock was down 2% as of noon Tuesday, but is up 24% year-to-date. As of this writing, William White did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. The post Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Stock Slips on Q3 Earnings Miss appeared first on InvestorPlace. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-stock-163233724.html

Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) stock took a hit today with the release of its earnings report for the third quarter of 2017. Source: Praveer Sharma via Flickr Lockheed Martin Corporation’s earnings report for the third quarter of year started off bad with earnings per share of $3.24. This is down from its earnings per share of $7.93 from the same time last year. It also wasn’t able to reach Wall Street’s earnings per share estimate of $3.26, which isn’t good news for LMT stock. Revenue of $12.17 billion for the third quarter of 2017 also didn’t do LMT stock any favors. Analysts were looking for Lockheed Martin Corporation to report revenue of $12.81 billion during the quarter. Still, it was an increase over its revenue of $11.55 billion from the third quarter of 2016. InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips Lockheed Martin Corporation reported net earnings of $939 million in the third quarter of 2017. This is a large drop from its net earnings of $2.40 billion reported in the same period of the year prior. While the current earnings report hasn’t been the best for LMT stock, it may still have hope for 2017. Lockheed Martin Corporation has increased its outlook for the full year to include earnings per share ranging from $12.85 to $13.15. It was previously expecting earnings per share to come between $12.30 and $12.60. Wall Street is looking for 2017 earnings per share of $12.64. Lockheed Martin Corporation’s guidance increase also extends to its revenue for 2017. The security and aerospace company is expecting revenue to range from $50.00 billion to $51.20 billion. It’s previous guidance had revenue coming between $49.80 billion and $50.00 billion. Analysts are estimating revenue of $50.59 billion for the year. LMT stock was down 2% as of noon Tuesday, but is up 24% year-to-date. As of this writing, William White did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. The post Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Stock Slips on Q3 Earnings Miss appeared first on InvestorPlace. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/quant-score-analytics-power-lockheed-martin-lmt-to-strong-buy/

With a $92.2 billion market value, Lockheed Martin Corp (NYSE:LMT) ranks in the top decile in its industry group, Aerospace & Defense, and in the top 10% of its sector group, Industrials, in market value. From the vantage point of investment attractiveness, the stock's Portfolio Grader ranking places it 8 among the 54 companies in this industry group, putting in the top quartile; among the sector leaders with a ranking of 26 among the 554 companies in the sector, and number 297 in the nearly 5,000 company Portfolio Grader universe. Portfolio Grader currently ranks LMT as a Strong Buy. Using Louis Navellier's investing methods this stock analysis tool assesses stocks by employing proprietary fundamental and quantitative metrics.  LMT has been upgraded from a Buy to a Strong Buy in the last week. Currently, Portfolio Grader ranks the Industrials sector number 7 among the 12 sectors in its universe putting it in the third quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Aerospace & Defense industry group is ranked 16 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it above-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. LMT has attained well above-average scores in 1, and above-average scores in 1 of the 8 fundamental metrics used by Portfolio Grader in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores are below the industry norms for sales growth, operating margin, and earnings growth.  Scores for visibility of earnings are worse than the industry norms for earnings revisions, earnings surprises, and earnings momentum. LMT's metrics for return on equity and cash flow are noticeably better than its industry group average.  Lockheed Martin's fundamental scores give LMT a place in the top half of the industry group.  The Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score is used by Portfolio Grader to measure LMT's shares from the aspect of risk/reward. This unique scoring methodology takes into account the relative value of LMT's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, the company currently scores well above-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/quant-score-analytics-power-lockheed-martin-lmt-to-strong-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.allstocknews.com/2017/10/26/valuing-2-stocks-using-ratios-and-multiples-lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-the-chemours-company-cc/

Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) shares were trading lower by -0.23 percent ($-0.72) at $312.43 a piece in Wednesday’s session. It had closed the previous session at $313.15. LMT trades with a P/S ratio of 1.84. This is lower than the both industry’s 91.81 and the wider sector’s 14.13. A low price-to-sales ratio, typically less than 1.0, is considered a good value. Also, it has an estimated price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 22.06 and a trailing 12-month price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 24.6. Shares of LMT have uptrended 8.43% in the past three months, while the S&P 500 has moved 4.18% in that time. Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) has a market cap of $90.14 billion and over the last 12 months, Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) has gone stronger by 25.34%. During the last 52 weeks, the (NYSE:LMT) price has been as high as $322.19 and as low as $236.21. Lockheed Martin Corporation earnings have risen with an annualized rate of 9.6% over the last 5 years.  The average 1-year price target for Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) — averaging the work of different analysts — reveals a mean PT of $320/share. That’s a potential 2.42 increase relative to where Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) has been trading recently. The current price is seen ranging between $311.31 and $315.95. There are brokerage firms with lower targets than the average, including one setting a price target of $265. And then on the other side of the spectrum one analyst entrenched in the bullish camp has a target as high as $350.  The collective rating of 2.2 for Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) also leans strongly towards the neutral end of the spectrum. Of the 20 analysts surveyed by Reuters that track LMT 10 of them rate its stock a hold. The other 10, though not evenly; between analysts who think you should buy Lockheed Martin Corporation versus those who think you should sell it. A 10 analysts rate it as either a buy or a strong buy, while0 believe that investors should either steer clear of LMT or, if they already own its stock, sell it.  The Chemours Company (CC) knifed -0.23 percent lower and now trades for $56.82. CC comes in with a P/S ratio of 1.84 that’s greater than 1, potentially implying that it could be expensive relative to the overall sector (14.13) and its peers (91.81). Also, it has an estimated price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 12.02 and a trailing 12-month price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 38.29. During the last 52 weeks, the price has been as high as $58.08 and as low as $15.9. The Chemours Company (NYSE:CC) earnings have declined with a quarterly rate of -7.5% over the last 5 years. Shares of CC have increased 20.84% in the past three monthswhile the S&P 500 has gained 14.35% in that time.  The Chemours Company (NYSE:CC) has a market cap of $10.55 billion and over the last 12 months, CC has risen by 239.83%. The average 1-year price target for (CC) reveals an average price target of $59.29 per share. That’s a potential 4.35 gain from where (NYSE:CC) has been trading recently. There are brokerage firms with lower targets than the average, including one setting a price target of $50. And then on the other side of the spectrum one analyst entrenched in the bullish camp has a target as high as $70.  The consensus recommendation — averaging the work of 8 analysts — of 1.8 for The Chemours Company (CC) points to bullish case. Of the analysts surveyed by Reuters that track The Chemours Company 1 of them rate its stock a hold. The other 7 are split, though not evenly, between analysts who think you should buy its stock versus those who think you should sell it. A 7 analysts rate it as either a buy or a strong buy, while 0 believe that investors should either steer clear of (NYSE:CC) or, if they already own its stock, sell it. 

https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/10/26/analyzing-lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-and-the-competition.html


					Posted by Lisa Durand on Oct 26th, 2017 // No Comments  Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) is one of 44 public companies in the “Aerospace & Defense” industry, but how does it compare to its rivals? We will compare Lockheed Martin Corporation to similar businesses based on the strength of its risk, valuation, earnings, profitability, dividends, analyst recommendations and institutional ownership.  Profitability This table compares Lockheed Martin Corporation and its rivals’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets. Analyst Ratings This is a summary of current ratings and target prices for Lockheed Martin Corporation and its rivals, as provided by MarketBeat.  Lockheed Martin Corporation currently has a consensus price target of $313.23, indicating a potential upside of 0.26%. As a group, “Aerospace & Defense” companies have a potential upside of 4.04%. Given Lockheed Martin Corporation’s rivals  higher possible upside, analysts clearly believe Lockheed Martin Corporation has less favorable growth aspects than its rivals. Dividends Lockheed Martin Corporation pays an annual dividend of $7.28 per share and has a dividend yield of 2.3%. Lockheed Martin Corporation pays out 42.5% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. As a group, “Aerospace & Defense” companies pay a dividend yield of 1.5% and pay out 36.1% of their earnings in the form of a dividend. Lockheed Martin Corporation has increased its dividend for 14 consecutive years.  Volatility & Risk Lockheed Martin Corporation has a beta of 0.59, suggesting that its stock price is 41% less volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Lockheed Martin Corporation’s rivals have a beta of 1.06, suggesting that their average stock price is 6% more volatile than the S&P 500.  Valuation and Earnings This table compares Lockheed Martin Corporation and its rivals top-line revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation. Lockheed Martin Corporation has higher revenue and earnings than its rivals. Lockheed Martin Corporation is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than its rivals, indicating that it is currently more affordable than other companies in its industry.  Insider and Institutional Ownership 78.9% of Lockheed Martin Corporation shares are held by institutional investors. Comparatively, 70.3% of shares of all “Aerospace & Defense” companies are held by institutional investors. 0.4% of Lockheed Martin Corporation shares are held by company insiders. Comparatively, 7.1% of shares of all “Aerospace & Defense” companies are held by company insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments, hedge funds and large money managers believe a stock is poised for long-term growth. Summary Lockheed Martin Corporation beats its rivals on 9 of the 15 factors compared. About Lockheed Martin Corporation Lockheed Martin Corporation is a security and aerospace company. The Company operates through four segments. Aeronautics segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support and upgrade of military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles and related technologies. Missiles and Fire Control segment provides air and missile defense systems; fire control systems; manned and unmanned ground vehicles, and energy management solutions. Rotary and Mission Systems segment provides design, manufacture, service and support for a range of military and civil helicopters; mission systems and sensors for rotary and fixed-wing aircraft; simulation and training services, and unmanned systems and technologies, among others. Space Systems segment is engaged in the research and development, design, engineering and production of satellites, strategic and defensive missile systems and space transportation systems.  Receive News & Ratings for Lockheed Martin Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lockheed Martin Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://standardoracle.com/2017/10/26/lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-currently-has-an-analysts-mean-recommendation-of-2-2/

Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) lost -0.23% to reach $312.43 in the previous trading session. Overall, 1.66 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 1.04 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 1.59, while its market cap is $90.14 Billion. Relative Strength Index The Relative Strength Index (RSI), developed by J. Welles Wilder, is a momentum oscillator that calculates the speed and change of price movements. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Usually the RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when less than 30. Relative strength index (RSI-14) for Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) is at 46.71. Price Target A price target is the projected price level of a financial security stated by an investment analyst. It represents a security’s price that, if achieved, results in a trader recognizing the best possible outcome for his investment. This is the price at which the trader or investor wants to exit his existing position so he can realize the most reward. Basically, a price target is an individual analyst’s projection on the future price of a stock. There is no concrete way to calculate a price target. Different analysts and financial institutions use various valuation methods and consider different economic forces when deciding on a price target. Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) has been given an average price target of $318.58 from analysts, according to data collected by Finviz. Earnings Forecast Earnings per share (EPS) is the portion of a company’s profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Earnings per share serves as an indicator of a company’s profitability. Consensus earnings estimates are far from perfect, but they are watched by many investors and play an important role in measuring the appropriate valuation for a stock. Investors measure stock performance on the basis of a company’s earnings power. To make a proper assessment, investors seek a sound estimate of this year’s and next year’s earnings per share (EPS), as well as a strong sense of how much the company will earn even farther down the road. Maximum and minimum EPS estimate for the current quarter is projected at $4.16 and $3.39, respectively, according to 19 analysts. Comparatively, Lockheed Martin Corporation posted earnings of $3.56 per share in the same quarter last year. The company is expected to report earnings of $3.26 a share for the next quarter. Revenue Estimate Revenue is the amount of money that a company actually receives during a specific period, including discounts and deductions for returned merchandise. It is the “top line” or “gross income” figure from which costs are subtracted to determine net income. Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) is expected to post revenue of $14.34 Billion in the current quarter, according to consensus of 16 analysts. The high and low revenue estimates for the current quarter are $14.95 Billion and $13.84 Billion, respectively. The company reported revenue of $13.14 Billion in the same period last year. Moving Averages A moving average (MA) is a trend-following or lagging indicator because it is based on past prices. The average is taken over a specific period of time, like 10 days, 20 minutes, 30 weeks, or any time period the trader chooses. There are advantages to using a moving average in your trading, as well options on what type of moving average to use. Moving average strategies are also popular and can be tailored to any time frame, suiting both long term investors and short-term traders. A moving average can help cut down the amount of “noise” on a price chart. Look at the direction of the moving average to get a basic idea of which way the price is moving. Angled up and price is moving up (or was recently) overall, angled down and price is moving down overall, moving sideways and the price is likely in a range. Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT)’s distance from 200 day simple moving average is 10.69 percent, its distance from 50 day simple moving average is 1.18 percent, while its distance from 20 day simple moving average is -1.06 percent. Volatility Volatility is a statistical measure of the dispersion of returns for a given security or market index. Volatility can either be measured by using the standard deviation or variance between returns from that same security or market index. When we see the company’s Volatility, it currently has a monthly volatility of 0.93% and weekly volatility of 1.29%. Analysts Recommendation In order to reach an opinion and communicate the value and volatility of a covered security, analysts research public financial statements, listen in on conference calls and talk to managers and the customers of a company, typically in an attempt to capture the findings for a research report. Ultimately, through all this investigation into the company’s performance the analyst decides whether their stock is a “buy,” sell” or hold.” Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 2.2, according to data compiled by Finviz. The recommendation scale measures the value from 1 to 5, where 1 means ‘’Buy’’ and 5 stands for ”Sell”. Lockheed Martin Corporation was covered by a number of analysts recently, 8 rated the stock as Buy, 2 rated Outperform, 10 rated Hold, 0 gave an Underperform and 0 rated sell. Historical Trends A trend analysis is a method of analysis that allows traders to predict what will happen with a stock in the future. Trend analysis is based on historical data about the stock’s performance given the overall trends of the market and particular indicators within the market. Lockheed Martin Corporation shares decreased -1 percent over the past week and rose 0.92 percent over the previous month. The stock climbed 8.43 percent over the past quarter, while surged 15.23 percent over the past six months. 

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/10/25/lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-posts-earnings-results.html


					Posted by Stan Pace on Oct 25th, 2017 // No Comments  Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday. The aerospace company reported $3.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.26 by ($0.02), Bloomberg Earnings reports. The company had revenue of $12.17 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $12.83 billion. Lockheed Martin Corporation had a net margin of 10.37% and a return on equity of 221.92%. The firm’s revenue was up 5.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $3.61 earnings per share.  Shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) opened at 313.15 on Wednesday. Lockheed Martin Corporation has a 12 month low of $236.21 and a 12 month high of $322.19. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $310.74 and a 200-day moving average price of $290.93. The firm has a market capitalization of $90.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.17 and a beta of 0.59.  The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 29th. Investors of record on Friday, December 1st will be given a $2.00 dividend. This represents a $8.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.55%. This is a positive change from Lockheed Martin Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.82. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Saturday, September 30th. Lockheed Martin Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 42.52%.  A number of brokerages have issued reports on LMT. Zacks Investment Research cut Lockheed Martin Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Credit Suisse Group  reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $300.00 price objective (up from $280.00) on shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation in a report on Wednesday, July 19th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $265.00 price objective on shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation in a report on Tuesday, August 22nd. Stifel Nicolaus  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $320.00 price objective (up from $300.00) on shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation in a report on Wednesday, July 19th. Finally, Argus  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $320.00 price objective (up from $100.00) on shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation in a report on Wednesday, July 19th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, nine have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Lockheed Martin Corporation currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $316.40. Lockheed Martin Corporation announced that its Board of Directors has approved a share buyback program on Thursday, September 28th that permits the company to repurchase $2.00 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization permits the aerospace company to repurchase up to 2.3% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase programs are usually an indication that the company’s leadership believes its shares are undervalued.  In other Lockheed Martin Corporation news, insider Orlando D. Carvalho sold 8,870 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, August 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $307.95, for a total value of $2,731,516.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 27,728 shares in the company, valued at $8,538,837.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP Brian P. Colan sold 350 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, August 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $306.19, for a total value of $107,166.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.39% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders.  About Lockheed Martin Corporation Lockheed Martin Corporation is a security and aerospace company. The Company operates through four segments. Aeronautics segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support and upgrade of military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles and related technologies.   Receive News & Ratings for Lockheed Martin Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lockheed Martin Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2017-10/26/c_136708102.htm

RIGA, Oct. 26 (Xinhua) -- Latvijas Mobilais Telefons (LMT) mobile telecommunications operator and MikroTik computer networking equipment maker are joining forces to bring the 5G technology to Latvia, representatives of the mobile operator said. A radio link with a 5G-compatible base station, which has been created for wireless data transmission between the two companies' offices, can send data at the speed of 10 Gb/s. The radio link is ten times faster than the maximum speed of data traffic possible in the wireless networks of the previous generation. LMT has provided the connection so that MikroTik can use it to develop equipment compatible with the next generation, or 5G technology. In the coming years, such connections will be necessary to use the Internet of Things (IoT) in the mobile 5G network. Already at the beginning of this year, LMT launched cooperation on the 5G technology with Riga Technical University (RTU) and Nokia telecommunications infrastructure provider. This cooperation has resulted in the installation of the first 5G base stations in Latvia. LMT, which is the oldest mobile operator in Latvia, posted 22.3 million euros (26.3 million U.S. dollars) in net profit on a turnover of 190 million euros for 2016. MikroTik closed 2016 with 66.2 million euros profit and 223.3 million euros in turnover. (1 euro = 1.18 U.S. dollars)  

https://www.telecompaper.com/news/lmt-launches-multi-screen-tv-with-broadpeak--1217778

Latvian mobile operator LMT has deployed a platform from Broadpeak to support its new live, on-demand and catch-up TV services. Hannu Pro provided expertise in systems integration to streamline the launch of the new services. Broadpeak's multiscreen solution includes CDN and video systems. 
Broadpeak's BkS350 origin packager and BkS400 cache servers deliver video content via adaptive bit rate technology. Using the servers, LMT can package encoded content, on the fly, in multiple adaptive bitrate formats (e.g., Apple HLS, Microsoft Smooth Streaming, Adobe HDS, and Mpeg-Dash) to address the wide range of players and devices on the market. The presence of a local cache removes any contention point that could impact the traffic between the origin server and the edge network, improving QoS and QoE by streaming higher video profiles more frequently. 
Utilizing Broadpeak's BkM100 Video Delivery Mediator, LMT can manage security, load balancing, and failover tasks. The BkM100 system continuously monitors the popularity of content based on subscriber usage patterns.  Every day we send out a free e-mail with the most important headlines of the last 24 hours.
            
         
Subscribe now
 We welcome comments that add value to the discussion. We attempt to block comments that use offensive language or appear to be spam, and our editors frequently review the comments to ensure they are appropriate. If you see a comment that you believe is inappropriate to the discussion, you can bring it to our attention by using the report abuse links. As the comments are written and submitted by visitors of the Telecompaper website, they in no way represent the opinion of Telecompaper. 

