https://www.investorplace.com/2017/11/high-level-quant-score-makes-alibaba-group-holding-baba-a-strong-buy/

With a $463.4 billion market value, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) ranks in the top decile in its industry group, Internet Software & Services, and in the top decile of sector group, Information Technology, in market value. From the viewpoint of investment attractiveness, the stock's current Portfolio Grader score places it 2 among the 132 companies in this industry group, positioning it among the leaders; among the sector leaders with a ranking of 6 among the 707 companies in the sector, and number 15 in the nearly 5,000 company Portfolio Grader universe. BABA is rated as a Strong Buy using Louis Navellier's investing methodology and his Portfolio Grader stock evaluator.  The current Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has been in place for 6 months. Portfolio Grader currently ranks the Information Technology sector number 3 among the 12 sectors in its universe putting it in the second quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 14 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it above-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. Alibaba Group Holding has realized above-average scores in 7 of the 8 fundamental areas evaluated by Portfolio Grader in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are discernibly above average.  Scores for visibility of earnings are superior with a ranking for earnings revisions, earnings surprises and earnings momentum that are discernibly better than average. BABA's ranking for return on equity is decidedly better than its industry group average but its grade for cash flow is below-average.  Based on these fundamental scores, Alibaba Group Holding places in the top decile of the industry group.  The Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score is used by Portfolio Grader to gauge BABA's shares from the perspective of risk/reward. This unique scoring system balances the relative value of BABA's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, the company currently scores well above-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/high-level-quant-score-makes-alibaba-group-holding-baba-a-strong-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tuesday-vital-data-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-teva-pharmaceutical-industries-ltd-adr-teva-valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx/

U.S. stock futures are mixed this morning, as Wall Street eyes another round of corporate earnings and positive retail data out of the Eurozone. Specifically, Eurozone retail sales rose 3.7% in September year-over-year, topping estimates for a 2.9% gain. Meanwhile, in earnings, Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX) will be in focus after gaining ground and heavy options activity yesterday. Heading into the open, Dow Jones Industrial Average futures are up 0.09%, S&P 500 futures have dipped 0.03% and Nasdaq-100 futures are off 0.03%. On the options front, volume lightened up a bit on Monday, but remained well above October’s daily average. Overall, about 17.2 million calls and 13.4 million puts changed hands on the session. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio ticked higher to 0.61, but the 10-day moving average slipped to a one-month low of 0.63. As for Monday’s most active option, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) attracted heavy call options volume after Oppenheimer boosted its price target on BABA stock. Meanwhile Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) surged despite a price-target cut at Credit Suisse after reports emerged that billionaire Len Blavatnik was looking to acquire a stake. Finally, Valeant Pharmaceuticals gained an influx of call activity amid earnings speculation and news the company was divesting Sprout Pharmaceuticals.  Alibaba posted blowout earnings last week, once again putting Wall Street’s estimates to shame. The brokerage bunch has been playing catch-up ever since, with Oppenheimer joining the bullish chorus on Monday. Analysts at the firm lifted their price target on BABA stock to $220 from $200, noting that the company was “uniquely positioned to benefit from the rise of Chinese middle-class consumption.” BABA stock rose more than 2.5% on the increase, and options traders continued to scarf down calls as a result. Volume topped 199,000 contracts, with calls accounting for 68% of the day’s take. Overall, the November put/call open interest ratio has fallen from last week’s pre-earnings perch of 0.63 to today’s reading of 0.51. Calls are clearly being added at a faster rate than puts, indicating that traders are ramping up bullish expectations ahead of Singles Day. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tuesday-vital-data-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-teva-pharmaceutical-industries-ltd-adr-teva-valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tuesday-vital-data-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-teva-pharmaceutical-industries-ltd-adr-teva-valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx/

U.S. stock futures are mixed this morning, as Wall Street eyes another round of corporate earnings and positive retail data out of the Eurozone. Specifically, Eurozone retail sales rose 3.7% in September year-over-year, topping estimates for a 2.9% gain. Meanwhile, in earnings, Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX) will be in focus after gaining ground and heavy options activity yesterday. Heading into the open, Dow Jones Industrial Average futures are up 0.09%, S&P 500 futures have dipped 0.03% and Nasdaq-100 futures are off 0.03%. On the options front, volume lightened up a bit on Monday, but remained well above October’s daily average. Overall, about 17.2 million calls and 13.4 million puts changed hands on the session. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio ticked higher to 0.61, but the 10-day moving average slipped to a one-month low of 0.63. As for Monday’s most active option, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) attracted heavy call options volume after Oppenheimer boosted its price target on BABA stock. Meanwhile Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) surged despite a price-target cut at Credit Suisse after reports emerged that billionaire Len Blavatnik was looking to acquire a stake. Finally, Valeant Pharmaceuticals gained an influx of call activity amid earnings speculation and news the company was divesting Sprout Pharmaceuticals.  Alibaba posted blowout earnings last week, once again putting Wall Street’s estimates to shame. The brokerage bunch has been playing catch-up ever since, with Oppenheimer joining the bullish chorus on Monday. Analysts at the firm lifted their price target on BABA stock to $220 from $200, noting that the company was “uniquely positioned to benefit from the rise of Chinese middle-class consumption.” BABA stock rose more than 2.5% on the increase, and options traders continued to scarf down calls as a result. Volume topped 199,000 contracts, with calls accounting for 68% of the day’s take. Overall, the November put/call open interest ratio has fallen from last week’s pre-earnings perch of 0.63 to today’s reading of 0.51. Calls are clearly being added at a faster rate than puts, indicating that traders are ramping up bullish expectations ahead of Singles Day. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tuesday-vital-data-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-teva-pharmaceutical-industries-ltd-adr-teva-valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://stocknews.com/news/baba-alibabas-singles-day-will-crush-black-friday-again-baba/

BABA – Alibaba is gearing up for a record-breaking sales promotion that will once again dwarf Black Friday sales. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) is preparing for its annual Singles’ Day shopping event, and this year’s numbers are poised to break just about every sales record imaginable. The South China Morning Post points out just how much revenue the festival is anticipated to generate: Singles’ Day sales transacted across all Alibaba Group e-commerce platforms this year are expected to surge 26 per cent to a record 152 billion yuan (US$23 billion), according to global consulting firm Oliver Wyman. The growth will be supported by demand for imported products and the participation of overseas audiences, increasing the importance of cross-border e-commerce promotions in the event, the consulting firm said in Shanghai on Tuesday. For comparison, Black Friday in the United States is expected to produce over $3 billion in sales this year. Singles’ Day sales will likely approach eight times that amount. Alibaba is going all out for this year’s 24-hour shopping extravaganza, which begins this Friday at midnight. The Chinese e-commerce behemoth is increasingly merging the worlds of online and offline sales, with in-store events planned across the entire Asian continent. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shares fell $1.35 (-0.72%) in premarket trading Wednesday. Year-to-date, BABA has gained 114.68%, versus a 17.37% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. BABA currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 73 stocks in the China category. 

https://stocknews.com/news/baba-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-helping-china-close-a-i-gap/

BABA – Backed by state funding, Alibaba and other Chinese tech firms are aggressively boosting their artificial intelligence efforts. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) is China’s largest tech company, and like its American counterpart (Amazon), has its hands in everything from e-commerce to cloud computing. BABA is also stepping up its efforts in the artificial intelligence (A.I.) space, an area in which China still lags the United States by a wide margin. The South China Morning Post has more details: The combined initiatives of Chinese internet powerhouses Baidu, Alibaba Group Holding and Tencent Holdings are helping the mainland chip away at the lead held by the United States in artificial intelligence (AI) innovation globally. “There’s still a huge gap between the [research and development spending of] Chinese internet companies and their global peers,” John Choi, the head of China internet research at Daiwa Capital Markets, said on Tuesday. However, Choi noted that both public and private investment are helping close that gap. Asia also has a deep talent pool in terms of engineering and other important skills, and the cooperation of businesses to share massive amounts of data with AI systems is more fuel for the fire. China’s government predicted earlier this year that the AI industry will be worth $1 trillion by 2030. Clearly, the world’s most populous nation wants to be a main player in the sector, not just an also-ran behind the U.S. and others — and Alibaba promises to be a key part of that equation. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shares fell $0.70 (-0.38%) in premarket trading Thursday. Year-to-date, BABA has gained 111.71%, versus a 17.57% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. BABA currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 75 stocks in the China category. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-151019959.html

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) reported another strong set of headline earnings, with results well above consensus expectations, including accelerating revenue growth, driven by ongoing strength in core commerce and continued diversification, with management also raising its FY17 revenue guidance as a result of the recently announced Cainiao consolidation. Specifically, revenue in the fiscal second quarter, ending September 30, rose 61% to $8.285 billion, from $5.142 billion in the same period a year earlier, topping the $7.78 billion expected on average among analysts. In addition, the company posted adjusted earnings of $1.29 cents per share, beating consensus estimates of $1.04. Alibaba CEO Daniel Zhang commented, "We had an outstanding quarter. Our consumer insights and technology innovation were the key drivers behind our customer value proposition across the Alibaba economy [...] We are seeing the early results from our efforts to integrate online and offline with our New Retail strategy, and consumers have benefited from access to high quality products, improved customer experience and the tremendous convenience of shopping anytime, anywhere." Alibaba CFO Maggie Wu stated, "This quarter we delivered excellent results, with overall revenue growth of 61% demonstrating the robust momentum in our core commerce business and across the Alibaba economy [...] We generated approximately US$3.4 billion in non-GAAP free cash flow during the quarter,1 which enables us to invest in our future growth areas of core commerce, including logistics, cloud computing, digital entertainment and other innovation initiatives." In reaction, Baird's top analyst Colin Sebastian reiterates an Outperform rating on BABA with a $190 price target. According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts' and bloggers' success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Colin Sebastian has a yearly average return of 24.3% and a 76% success rate. Sebastian has a 49.9% average return when recommending BABA, and is ranked #18 out of 4702 analysts. BABA has one of the best ratings by the Street. TipRanks reveals that BABA has a Strong Buy analyst consensus rating with 18 back-to-back buy ratings in the last three months. Meanwhile the average analyst price target of $202.25 suggests the stock still has upside potential of nearly 8% from the current share price for the next 12 months. 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/02/technical-analysis-hints-where-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-is-headed-in-next-few-days/

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) gained 1.82% in first day of the new month, going up from its prior closing price of $181.58 to $184.89, and has now recorded rally in 5 consecutive sessions. Many in the market will be closely watching whether this winning streak is sustainable or take a temporary pause for the next couple of trading sessions. The stock price went upward in 6 of the last 10 days and has generated 5.46% during the last two weeks. The upbeat movement of both volume and price during the recent session is interpreted as a good sign, and, overall 0.96 million more shares exchanged hands compared with prior day. In total, 21.10 M shares exchanged hands for about $3 901.41 million. Inside BABA’s Recent Trend Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) lies in the middle of a wide and strong rising trend in the short term and issued considerable signs about additional rally. Short-term traders are predicted to see a rally of 13.94% over the course of a quarter and, with 90% chance the price will be floating in the range of $195.63 and $220.55 in this timeframe. Alibaba Group Holding Limited Technical Signals 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 BABA has witnessed its long term and short term MA triggering a buy signal but chances are low for long-term averages to cross above short-term averages which the market considers a major buy signal. Upon corrections, the price will meet support from the averages between $175.71 and $176.98. A break down through these support points will trigger sell signals. Its pivot point low generated buy signal on Wednesday October 25, 2017, which calls for additional surge until the stock forms a new pivot point high. There was increase in both volume and price. This is usually interpreted as a good sign as traders widely believe rising stock should see increasing volume. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) Support And Resistance Levels In case of pullback, the next support the price will capture from accumulated volume will not be far away from current price at $171.74 and $169.64. It seems to be blessed by the accumulated volume as it meets no resistance above current level and favorable trading conditions will help the stock to show strong performance in the coming days. 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 It is important to note, however, that the stock needs to make its way through natural risk while testing a key support level. Once this support is broken, another support level will be to be established at a lower level. Turning back to this stock, Alibaba Group Holding Limited approaches the first support point just current price at $171.74. In case of a break, the next support we will see from accumulated volume is going to be at $169.64 and $163.92. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) Risk Assessment The number of shares changed hands in the stock is good, indicating the interest and low risk associated with it. In the most recent session, the stock price hovered around $3.31 (1.82%) between intraday high and intraday low. Each day in the past 1 week, the average volatility remained at 2.60%. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/thursday-vital-data-facebook-inc-fb-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-and-united-states-steel-corporation-x/

U.S. stock futures are trending lower this morning, as Wall Street digests a deluge of data. Investors are currently mulling over President Donald Trump’s choice for Federal Reserve Chairman and awaiting the unveiling of a House Republican tax bill. Meanwhile, the Bank of England is expected to hike interest rates for the first time in a decade. On the earnings front Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) reported earnings last night, while Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is slated to take the stage after the close this afternoon. Against this crowded backdrop, Dow Jones Industrial Average futures have gained 0.07%, with S&P 500 futures up 0.02% and Nasdaq-100 futures up 0.05%. On the options front, volume was heavy on Monday, as about 18.4 million calls and 14.6 million puts changed hands yesterday. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio rose to 0.71, while the 10-day moving average held ticked lower to 0.64. Taking a closer look at Wednesday’s options activity, Facebook and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) both drew heavy call volume ahead of their respective quarterly report, though both stocks are moving in opposite directions this morning. Meanwhile, United States Steel Corporation (NYSE:X) also saw a spike in call activity after beating third-quarter expectations and raising guidance.  After the close yesterday, Facebook said that third-quarter earnings rose 77% to $1.59 per share, blowing past Wall Street’s estimates by 31 cents per share. Revenue rose 47% to $10.33 billion, also topping the consensus for $9.84 billion. However, these impressive figures were overshadowed by increased spending, with Facebook saying it expects costs and expenses to grow 45% to 60% in 2018. Concerns over spending have pushed FB stock down in premarket trading. FB options traders were quite optimistic heading into the report, as calls made up 71% of the more than 647,000 contracts traded yesterday. Some of this seemingly bullish activity may have been profit taking ahead of the event, as the November put/call open interest ratio rose to 0.74 from 0.71 earlier in the week. So far, FB stock appears to be holding support near $180, but a breach of this region could add fuel to the downside. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/thursday-vital-data-facebook-inc-fb-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-and-united-states-steel-corporation-x/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/UPDATE%253A%2BAlibaba%2B%2528BABA%2529%2BPT%2BRaised%2Bto%2B%2524220%2Bat%2BRBC%2BCapital/13457539.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://www.benzinga.com/news/earnings/17/11/10272654/5-stocks-to-watch-following-alibabas-big-earnings-beat

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) reported Thursday its third-quarter earnings, which helped boost the stock more than 3 percent, above its prior all-time high of $188.88. The company reported that it earned $1.29 per share in the third quarter on revenue of RMB55.122 million, or $8.28 billion. Wall Street analysts were expecting the company to earn $1.03 per share on revenue of $7.85 billion. Total revenue for the quarter rose 61 percent from a year ago. The company highlighted following segment performance: 1) revenue from core commerce rose 63 percent to $6.983 billion, 2) revenue from cloud computing rose 99 percent to $447 million, 3) revenue from digital media and entertainment rose 33 percent to $721 million, and 4) revenue from innovation initiatives and others rose 27 percent to $134 million. Annual active consumers on Alibaba's China retail marketplaces rose by 22 million users from a year ago to 488 million. Mobile monthly active users rose 20 million users to 549 million, the company said. Net income for the quarter rose 146 percent from a year ago to $2.616 billion. Alibaba's big earnings beat and revenue growth across every segment helped boost shares of several other China-based ecommerce and internet players modestly higher early Thursday morning. Here is a list of five stocks investors may want to pay closer attention to on Thursday. Related Links: How Alibaba Shares Make It Over The $200 Level Alibaba Is Setting Aside $15 Billion For R&D Spend Across The World Image credit: Andy Mitchell, Flickr Posted-In: Alibaba Cloud Alibaba Earnings China China eCommerceEarnings News Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 

