https://investorplace.com/2017/11/earnings-visibility-keeps-lockheed-martin-lmt-shares-a-buy/

Currently, Lockheed Martin Corp (NYSE:LMT) has a Buy using Louis Navellier's investing system and his Portfolio Grader stock evaluator.  The current overall Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has changed twice in the past month, which represents a greater level of change than is typical. As one of the 556 companies in the GICS Industrials sector the company is a constituent of the 54 company Aerospace & Defense GICS industry group within this sector. LMT has a market value of $88.9 billion which is in the top 10% of its industry group Portfolio Grader's current ranking for LMT puts it 11 among the 54 companies in this industry group, putting in the top quartile. The Industrials sector is ranked number 8 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it in the third quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Aerospace & Defense industry group is ranked 23 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it near the average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. Lockheed Martin has realized above-average scores in 3 of the 8 fundamental areas evaluated by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average grades in 5 of the areas used in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores are below the industry norms for sales growth, operating margin, and earnings growth. Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with a ranking for earnings surprises and earnings momentum that are worse than average, while the score for earnings revisions is better than average. LMT's scores for cash flow and return on equity are discernibly better than its industry group average. These fundamental scores give Lockheed Martin a position in the top half of the industry group.  Portfolio Grader quantitatively measures LMT's shares using the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score. This metric looks at LMT's shares from the viewpoint of risk/reward. This proprietary scoring approach considers the relative value of LMT's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Using this risk/reward calculation, the company currently scores well above-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/earnings-visibility-keeps-lockheed-martin-lmt-shares-a-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/09/determining-the-stand-point-of-lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt/


Helme Dicosta 
2 hours ago
NYSE, NYSE Mega
Leave a comment
 The top gainer with a security that increased in price during today’s trading was Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT). Lockheed Martin Corporation had a higher price at the close than it did at the open. The company holds a market cap of 90.76B with a P/E of 25.59 indicating whether its share price properly reflects its performance. Fundamentalists and value investors are seeing the low ratio of 1.83 as more positive – demonstrating that the company has a great deal of revenue with a fair price. However, technicians believes that a higher ratio would indicate the likelihood of a constant augmentation of the company’s share price. Lockheed Martin Corporation’s P/B is valued at 43.18 exhibiting the investor sentiment on the value of the stock to its actual value. A higher P/B ratio of Lockheed Martin Corporation is signposting that the investors have either overvalued it , or that its accountants have undervalued it. The P/B figure is also providing some ideas on whether the shareholders are paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately – but to consider that the company ought to have a lower P/B value. As of now, the increased share price of Lockheed Martin Corporation makes it a lucrative buy for investors. A change of 0.75% in the price clearly indicates a strong asset performance for the corporation, , bearing in mind the total returns from its investment and dividends or distributions obtained from the investment. The ROA of Lockheed Martin Corporation is currently valued at 7.50% indicating how profitable the company is in regards to its total assets. The figure tells us what earnings were generated from invested capital of Lockheed Martin Corporation. It gives investors a clue on how effective the company is in converting the money it has to invest into net income. Lockheed Martin Corporation’s ROI is valued at 28.00% relatively measuring the profitability on the investment. It evidently points out how profitable and preferable it is for the investors. The company has a current ratio of 1.3 gauging towards its ability in paying short-term and long-term obligations. With the existing current ratio, Lockheed Martin Corporation is more than equipped to confront its liabilities with its assets. Lockheed Martin Corporation has a quick ratio of 0.9 measuring its ability to meet its short term obligations with its most liquid assets. The high quick ratio specifies its better liquidity position on the credit terms the company has negotiated from its suppliers. The EPS growth this year is at 24.70% demonstrating an EPS growth of 2.02% in the coming year. This defines the most likely future of the stock price of Lockheed Martin Corporation. With this high EPSGR it is predicted that growth rate will rise faster as compared to its competitors in the same industry. As it upholds an amended rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target. Lockheed Martin Corporation NYSE : LMT | Thursday, November 9, 2017    Tags (NYSE:LMT) Aerospace/Defense Products & Services Industrial Goods LMT Lockheed Martin Corporation NYSE 9 mins ago 34 mins ago 42 mins ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/11/08/comparing-lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-its-rivals.html


					Posted by Erica Schwartz on Nov 8th, 2017 // No Comments  Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) is one of 46 publicly-traded companies in the “Aerospace & Defense” industry, but how does it compare to its rivals? We will compare Lockheed Martin Corporation to similar companies based on the strength of its risk, dividends, analyst recommendations, earnings, profitability, institutional ownership and valuation.  Dividends Lockheed Martin Corporation pays an annual dividend of $7.28 per share and has a dividend yield of 2.3%. Lockheed Martin Corporation pays out 58.6% of its earnings in the form of a dividend. As a group, “Aerospace & Defense” companies pay a dividend yield of 1.4% and pay out 35.1% of their earnings in the form of a dividend. Lockheed Martin Corporation has increased its dividend for 14 consecutive years.  Valuation and Earnings This table compares Lockheed Martin Corporation and its rivals gross revenue, earnings per share (EPS) and valuation. Lockheed Martin Corporation has higher revenue and earnings than its rivals. Lockheed Martin Corporation is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than its rivals, indicating that it is currently more affordable than other companies in its industry.  Risk & Volatility Lockheed Martin Corporation has a beta of 0.58, indicating that its stock price is 42% less volatile than the S&P 500. Comparatively, Lockheed Martin Corporation’s rivals have a beta of 1.08, indicating that their average stock price is 8% more volatile than the S&P 500.  Analyst Ratings This is a summary of current recommendations and price targets for Lockheed Martin Corporation and its rivals, as reported by MarketBeat.com.  Lockheed Martin Corporation currently has a consensus price target of $316.57, suggesting a potential upside of 0.30%. As a group, “Aerospace & Defense” companies have a potential upside of 7.04%. Given Lockheed Martin Corporation’s rivals  higher possible upside, analysts plainly believe Lockheed Martin Corporation has less favorable growth aspects than its rivals. Profitability This table compares Lockheed Martin Corporation and its rivals’ net margins, return on equity and return on assets. Institutional and Insider Ownership 79.4% of Lockheed Martin Corporation shares are owned by institutional investors. Comparatively, 70.3% of shares of all “Aerospace & Defense” companies are owned by institutional investors. 0.4% of Lockheed Martin Corporation shares are owned by insiders. Comparatively, 7.0% of shares of all “Aerospace & Defense” companies are owned by insiders. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that endowments, large money managers and hedge funds believe a company is poised for long-term growth. Summary Lockheed Martin Corporation beats its rivals on 9 of the 15 factors compared. About Lockheed Martin Corporation Lockheed Martin Corporation is a security and aerospace company. The Company operates through four segments. Aeronautics segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support and upgrade of military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles and related technologies. Missiles and Fire Control segment provides air and missile defense systems; fire control systems; manned and unmanned ground vehicles, and energy management solutions. Rotary and Mission Systems segment provides design, manufacture, service and support for a range of military and civil helicopters; mission systems and sensors for rotary and fixed-wing aircraft; simulation and training services, and unmanned systems and technologies, among others. Space Systems segment is engaged in the research and development, design, engineering and production of satellites, strategic and defensive missile systems and space transportation systems.  Receive News & Ratings for Lockheed Martin Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lockheed Martin Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://morganleader.com/are-investors-shying-away-from-shares-of-lockheed-martin-corporation-nyselmt-or-paypal-holdings-inc-nysepypl/

Keen investors are consistently searching for true bargains in the stock market. Finding these stocks can make the difference between a winning or losing portfolio. Shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) have come into focus as of late. In recent trading activity, company stock has moved 0.75% touching the price of $315.64. Moving forward, the investment community will be watching to see if shares can gain some positive momentum.
Most investors are likely looking for that next stock that is ready to take off running. Maybe the focus is on finding a stock that has recently taken a turn for the worse for no real apparent reason. As we all know, as quickly as a stock can drop in price, it can bounce back just as fast. Although the popular stocks that receive a high level of media coverage tend to recover quicker after a sell-off, there may be plenty of under the radar stocks that are ripe for buying. Scoping out these potential market gems may help repair a portfolio that has taken a hit for any number of reasons.
 Keen investors are consistently searching for true bargains in the stock market. Finding these stocks can make the difference between a winning or losing portfolio. Shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) have come into focus as of late. In recent trading activity, company stock has moved 0.75% touching the price of $315.64. Moving forward, the investment community will be watching to see if shares can gain some positive momentum. Most investors are likely looking for that next stock that is ready to take off running. Maybe the focus is on finding a stock that has recently taken a turn for the worse for no real apparent reason. As we all know, as quickly as a stock can drop in price, it can bounce back just as fast. Although the popular stocks that receive a high level of media coverage tend to recover quicker after a sell-off, there may be plenty of under the radar stocks that are ripe for buying. Scoping out these potential market gems may help repair a portfolio that has taken a hit for any number of reasons.  

http://bangaloreweekly.com/2017-11-09-recent-investment-analysts-ratings-changes-for-lockheed-martin-corp-lmt/

A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE: LMT): Shares of Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE:LMT) opened at 266.93 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $78.20 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.61 and a beta of 0.68. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $252.23 and its 200-day moving average is $247.45. Lockheed Martin Corp. has a 52 week low of $200.47 and a 52 week high of $269.90.  Lockheed Martin Corp. (NYSE:LMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 25th. The company reported $3.61 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.86 by $0.75. The firm earned $11.60 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $11.49 billion. Lockheed Martin Corp. had a return on equity of 131.23% and a net margin of 10.48%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 14.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $2.76 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts predict that  Lockheed Martin Corp. will post $12.19 earnings per share for the current year.  This article was originally published by and is the sole property of American Banking News. If you happen to be reading this article on another website, it was stolen and illegally republished in violation of U.S. and International copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at 2016/12/06/recent-investment-analysts-ratings-changes-for-lockheed-martin-corp-lmt.html         

 

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/09/lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-announces-quarterly-earnings-results.html


					Posted by Stefani Robinson on Nov 9th, 2017 // No Comments  Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) released its earnings results on Tuesday, October 24th. The aerospace company reported $3.24 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $3.26 by ($0.02), Bloomberg Earnings reports. The firm had revenue of $12.17 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $12.83 billion. Lockheed Martin Corporation had a net margin of 7.31% and a return on equity of 221.41%. The company’s revenue was up 5.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $3.61 EPS.  Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE LMT) traded up $2.35 during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $315.64. The company had a trading volume of 729,654 shares, compared to its average volume of 1,045,172. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 6.56, a current ratio of 1.32 and a quick ratio of 0.95. Lockheed Martin Corporation has a 1-year low of $237.52 and a 1-year high of $322.19. The firm has a market cap of $88,910.55, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.38, a PEG ratio of 2.96 and a beta of 0.58.  The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 29th. Investors of record on Friday, December 1st will be issued a dividend of $2.00 per share. The ex-dividend date is Saturday, September 30th. This is a positive change from Lockheed Martin Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.82. This represents a $8.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.53%. Lockheed Martin Corporation’s payout ratio is presently 58.57%.  Several equities research analysts have commented on LMT shares. Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $320.00 target price (up previously from $300.00) on shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, July 19th. Argus  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $320.00 target price (up previously from $100.00) on shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, July 19th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Lockheed Martin Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $325.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, July 27th. BidaskClub upgraded Lockheed Martin Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, August 12th. Finally, Vetr upgraded Lockheed Martin Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $326.32 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, September 12th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, ten have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $319.75. In other Lockheed Martin Corporation news, insider Orlando D. Carvalho sold 8,870 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, August 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $307.95, for a total value of $2,731,516.50. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 27,728 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,538,837.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Daniel F. Akerson acquired 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, October 25th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $312.02 per share, for a total transaction of $780,050.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now owns 7,432 shares in the company, valued at $2,318,932.64. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Corporate insiders own  0.39% of the company’s stock.  Lockheed Martin Corporation declared that its board has authorized a share repurchase program on Thursday, September 28th that allows the company to buyback $2.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This buyback authorization allows the aerospace company to repurchase up to 2.3% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares buyback programs are generally a sign that the company’s management believes its shares are undervalued.  COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.02 EPS” was  posted by TrueBlueTribune and is the property of of TrueBlueTribune. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/09/lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-announces-quarterly-earnings-results.html.  Lockheed Martin Corporation Company Profile Lockheed Martin Corporation is a security and aerospace company. The Company operates through four segments. Aeronautics segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support and upgrade of military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles and related technologies.   Receive News & Ratings for Lockheed Martin Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lockheed Martin Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/08/bank-of-america-corporation-analysts-give-lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-a-360-00-price-target.html


					Posted by Jesse Mackey on Nov 8th, 2017 // No Comments  Bank of America Corporation set a $360.00 price objective on Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT)  in a report issued on Friday, October 27th. The firm currently has a buy rating on the aerospace company’s stock. Other analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Stifel Nicolaus  reiterated a buy rating and issued a $320.00 price objective (up previously from $300.00) on shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, July 19th. Argus  reiterated a buy rating and issued a $320.00 price objective (up previously from $100.00) on shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, July 19th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $325.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, July 27th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Saturday, July 8th. Finally, Vetr upgraded shares of Lockheed Martin Corporation from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $326.32 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, September 12th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, ten have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $319.75. Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) traded up $2.13 during trading hours on Friday, hitting $315.42. 508,687 shares of the stock were exchanged, compared to its average volume of 1,045,172. The firm has a market capitalization of $88,910.55, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.38, a P/E/G ratio of 2.96 and a beta of 0.58. Lockheed Martin Corporation has a 1 year low of $237.52 and a 1 year high of $322.19. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 6.56, a current ratio of 1.32 and a quick ratio of 0.95.  Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, October 24th. The aerospace company reported $3.24 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.26 by ($0.02). The business had revenue of $12.17 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $12.83 billion. Lockheed Martin Corporation had a return on equity of 221.41% and a net margin of 7.31%. The firm’s revenue was up 5.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $3.61 EPS.  equities research analysts forecast that  Lockheed Martin Corporation will post 13.09 EPS for the current fiscal year.  TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was  posted by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/08/bank-of-america-corporation-analysts-give-lockheed-martin-corporation-lmt-a-360-00-price-target.html.  The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 29th. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 1st will be issued a dividend of $2.00 per share. This represents a $8.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.54%. This is an increase from Lockheed Martin Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $1.82. The ex-dividend date is Saturday, September 30th. Lockheed Martin Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 58.57%.  Lockheed Martin Corporation declared that its board has authorized a stock buyback program on Thursday, September 28th that allows the company to repurchase $2.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This repurchase authorization allows the aerospace company to repurchase up to 2.3% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares repurchase programs are usually an indication that the company’s management believes its stock is undervalued.  In other news, VP Brian P. Colan sold 350 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, August 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $306.19, for a total value of $107,166.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director Daniel F. Akerson purchased 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, October 25th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $312.02 per share, for a total transaction of $780,050.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 7,432 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,318,932.64. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own  0.39% of the company’s stock.  An institutional investor recently bought a new position in Lockheed Martin Corporation stock. Buckingham Capital Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund bought 670 shares of the aerospace company’s stock, valued at approximately $208,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  79.35% of the company’s stock.  Lockheed Martin Corporation Company Profile Lockheed Martin Corporation is a security and aerospace company. The Company operates through four segments. Aeronautics segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support and upgrade of military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles and related technologies.   Receive News & Ratings for Lockheed Martin Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lockheed Martin Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://kfgo.com/news/articles/2017/nov/09/lockheed-martin-ceo-says-could-sell-f-35-fighters-to-germany/

By Joachim Dagenborg KONGSBERG, Norway (Reuters) - Lockheed Martin Corp  will work with the U.S. government as it talks to Germany about a replacement for its Tornado fighter jets, its chief executive said on Thursday, adding she believed Lockheed's F-35 would be the "best choice" for Berlin. Germany is kicking off the process of replacing its 85 Tornado jets, which will go out of service around 2030. The program could be worth billions of euros in coming years. The German air force last month issued a formal request for information about the F-35, as well as three other jets: the F-15 and F/A-18E/F, both built by Boeing Co , and the European Eurofighter Typhoon. On Wednesday, the chief of staff of the German air force said the country needed a "fifth-generation" replacement for its Tornado fighters that is hard to detect on enemy radars and can strike targets from a great distance. Lieutenant General Karl Muellner's comments indicated a preference for the F-35, which meets those requirements. "I saw in the media that there is an interest in the F-35, and we stand ready to support the U.S. government on their interactions with the German government on their assessment of the F-35," Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson told Reuters during a visit to Norway. "I do think it would be the best choice for them," she added. She was non-committal when asked how many planes Lockheed could potentially sell to Berlin, saying it was up to Germany. Lockheed Martin also hopes to increase its sales of the F-35 to South Korea, Hewson said. "Their initial buy is at 40 (aircraft), but I hope that over time they will look at additional buy," she said. "We are happy that the F-35 is being considered by a number of countries around the world ... Countries like Belgium, Finland, Canada and others are going to continue to look at the program and make their decision," she added. Many German allies in Europe, including Norway, the Netherlands, Britain, Italy, Turkey and Denmark have selected the F-35 and some have received initial deliveries. Belgium is expected to make a decision next year.  (Writing by Terje Solsvik, editing by Gwladys Fouche and Adrian Croft) 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Corporate%2BNews/Lockheed%2BMartin%2B%2528LMT%2529%2BAnnounces%2BContract%2Bto%2BDevelop%2BCompact%2BAirborne%2BHigh%2BEnergy%2BLaser%2BCapabilities/13468173.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3308841-lockheed-wins-air-force-contract-airborne-high-energy-laser-weapons

Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) said earlier today that it was awarded a contract by the Air Force Research Laboratory to develop and produce high-energy fiber laser weapons for tactical fighter aircraft. The contact is valued at $26.2M, but analysts say the potential market opportunity for such airborne weapon systems in the future could become much more significant once technology challenges are overcome. "You get a low cost per shot - much cheaper than a missile in almost every case," says Daniel Goure, a defense analyst and senior VP of the Lexington Institute, in explaining the potential advantages of laser weapons. "One of the things we find in a lot of our systems - land, sea and air - is that we run out of shots particularly on the defense. You just run  out of bullets or missiles. If you have laser, it avoids having to reload." The contract is part of the AFRL's Self-protect High Energy Laser Demonstrator program, which is designed to combine small, high-power laser systems on tactical  aircraft for self-defense capabilities, including to defend against  missiles. Now read: Why Defense Investors Should Consider Boeing » 

