https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nflx-stock-bump-hits/

It’s safe to say that FANG killed it this quarter. All four of the tech giants reported blowout earnings. Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) breezed by expectations thanks to robust ad growth. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) also crushed expectations. Same with Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX). Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG,NASDAQ:GOOGL) posted perhaps its best quarter of the year. And NFLX stock only has room to grow. Clearly, the trend of the technology space consolidating around 4 major players remains in tact. Facebook owns social media. Amazon owns ecommerce (and cloud). Netflix owns streaming video on demand. Alphabet owns search. But NFLX stock actually slipped from $200-plus all-time highs to just over $190 in the week following its blowout earnings report. I said buy the dip. The sell-off was just a breather in a very strong secular growth narrative. Now, NFLX stock trades back around $200-plus all-time highs. NFLX stock should continue to trend higher, pushed by a huge near-term catalyst which strengthens the long-term growth narrative. Consequently, I think now is a really good time to own NFLX stock. When it comes to NFLX stock, follow the content. Hugely successful original content launches lead to better-than-expected sub growth. Better-than-expected sub growth leads to a higher NFLX stock price. From this standpoint, right now is the perfect time to buy NFLX stock. Why? Stranger Things. Stranger Things is perhaps the best thing that has ever happened to Netflix. NFLX stock wasn’t the superstar it is today back in early 2016. The company was having a difficult time proving its original content growth strategy as sub growth kept coming in below expectations. NFLX stock traded as low as $85 in 2016 versus a high of $130 near the end of 2015. But that all changed in the summer of 2016 when Stranger Things launched. It was a huge hit. Everyone and their best friend watched the sci-fi series. Investors finally bought into the original content growth strategy as Stranger Things powered far better-than-expected sub growth in the Oct. 2016 earnings report. NFLX stock hasn’t looked back since then. Naturally, then, Stranger Things 2 is a big thing for NFLX shareholders to pay attention to. Right now, the read is exceptionally bullish. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nflx-stock-bump-hits/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/facebook-head-over-200/

FANG killed it this quarter. Social media leader Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) smashed analyst estimates thanks to FB stock’s robust ad revenue growth on top of healthy margin expansion. Retail leader Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) also smashed expectations due to continued strength in the e-commerce business as well as continued dominance in the cloud space. Meanwhile, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) reported really strong subscriber growth numbers which easily breezed past analyst expectations. Alphabet Inc (NADSAQ:GOOG,NASDAQ:GOOGL) bounced back from a European Commission fine-plagued second quarter to report perhaps its best earnings of the year. But not all stocks are treated equally. AMZN stock and GOOG stock rallied big after their reports, while FB stock and NFLX stock dropped. The NFLX drop makes sense. NFLX stock had rallied big into the report. It became a classic “sell the news” event. NFLX stock was depressed for a few days, but then it bounced back. The FB stock price drop makes less sense. FB stock had not rallied big into the report. It wasn’t a classic “sell the news” event. Instead, investors got jittery about increased security spend adversely affecting profitability in the future. Those jitters are overdone, and the selloff is unnecessarily short-sighted. And the FB stock price is headed for $200 soon. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg emphasized safety and security over profitability on the company’s most recent earnings call. With his company finding itself on Capitol Hill and on the wrong side of headlines regarding fake news, this emphasis was a smart move. But Zuckerberg and fellow senior management at Facebook went further than just emphasizing safety and security. They actually said expenses would rise a lot more next year than initially anticipated due to increased investment in safety and security. That was a brilliant move. Investors didn’t appreciate it (FB stock sold off because it implies a less rosy margin growth outlook going forward), but the move sets a gold standard for transparency in the digital advertising world, evades a government crackdown (and potentially billion-dollar fines), and will inevitably attract more advertisers to the platform. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/facebook-head-over-200/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/disney-fox-netflix-nflx-stock/

Source: Shutterstock A few weeks ago, yours truly here opined that Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) was, sooner or later, going to run into a painful wall of competition, at which point years of heavy, excessive content spending (and the subsequent debt it created) would come back to haunt the company, and by extension shake owners of NFLX stock. I didn’t know who or how or when, but nothing breeds competition like a little success. As it turns out, Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) and Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (NASDAQ:FOX) may be the current best bets to do the aforementioned deed. Whispers that the former was looking to buy at least some significant parts of the latter surfaced this week, with the ultimate goal being to stop Netflix in its tracks before it was allowed to develop any more momentum. Yes, it should worry current and would-be owners of NFLX stock, even if this particular rumored deal doesn’t materialize. First and foremost, take the suggestion with a grain of salt. Neither company has confirmed (nor denied) the prospect, and even CNBC pundit/host David Faber’s sources acknowledged there was no actual impending deal. All the same, the premise is credible simply because, when all is said and done, it’s a good idea. Needham analyst Laura Martin commented the potential pairing would be a “dream come true. Putting these assets under Disney’s hands will make them a lot more money. At the end of the day, Fox will get more money than it could have by it operating those businesses and Disney will make more at the outset,” adding that Disney’s content library is of the highest quality, but not terribly big. At the same time, Fox’s library is deep and wide, even if not Disney caliber. Martin went as far as to describe the rumored union as a “Netflix killer,” surmising the two organizations could easily figure out how to clear the technical hurdles of developing an on-demand video platform. Toby Chapman, an associate partner at global strategy consultant OC&C, agreed, saying “It’s a sign of Disney wanting to develop scale in order to compete with Netflix. On its own, it’s difficult for even a company like Disney to compete with breadth of content that Netflix has. You’ve got to have something really broad or something with really specific strengths.” Not everyone agrees. Cowen’s Doug Creutz posited that investors who are bullish on Disney like it for the non-TV assets. “So why would Disney want to increase its exposure to TV? Disney already has plenty of scale, so adding scale isn’t that helpful… In a world where content is getting more valuable, but networks are being devalued, this seems like it would be suicide,” he said. Creutz’s point is well taken, but it’s not necessarily a Disney-Fox deal specifically that should haunt loyal owners of NFLX stock. It’s that conversations like this one — just with different players — are being re-circulated at a faster and faster pace. Sooner or later, enough of that spaghetti will stick to the wall. Next Page  Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/disney-fox-netflix-nflx-stock/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/disney-fox-netflix-nflx-stock/

Source: Shutterstock A few weeks ago, yours truly here opined that Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) was, sooner or later, going to run into a painful wall of competition, at which point years of heavy, excessive content spending (and the subsequent debt it created) would come back to haunt the company, and by extension shake owners of NFLX stock. I didn’t know who or how or when, but nothing breeds competition like a little success. As it turns out, Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) and Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (NASDAQ:FOX) may be the current best bets to do the aforementioned deed. Whispers that the former was looking to buy at least some significant parts of the latter surfaced this week, with the ultimate goal being to stop Netflix in its tracks before it was allowed to develop any more momentum. Yes, it should worry current and would-be owners of NFLX stock, even if this particular rumored deal doesn’t materialize. First and foremost, take the suggestion with a grain of salt. Neither company has confirmed (nor denied) the prospect, and even CNBC pundit/host David Faber’s sources acknowledged there was no actual impending deal. All the same, the premise is credible simply because, when all is said and done, it’s a good idea. Needham analyst Laura Martin commented the potential pairing would be a “dream come true. Putting these assets under Disney’s hands will make them a lot more money. At the end of the day, Fox will get more money than it could have by it operating those businesses and Disney will make more at the outset,” adding that Disney’s content library is of the highest quality, but not terribly big. At the same time, Fox’s library is deep and wide, even if not Disney caliber. Martin went as far as to describe the rumored union as a “Netflix killer,” surmising the two organizations could easily figure out how to clear the technical hurdles of developing an on-demand video platform. Toby Chapman, an associate partner at global strategy consultant OC&C, agreed, saying “It’s a sign of Disney wanting to develop scale in order to compete with Netflix. On its own, it’s difficult for even a company like Disney to compete with breadth of content that Netflix has. You’ve got to have something really broad or something with really specific strengths.” Not everyone agrees. Cowen’s Doug Creutz posited that investors who are bullish on Disney like it for the non-TV assets. “So why would Disney want to increase its exposure to TV? Disney already has plenty of scale, so adding scale isn’t that helpful… In a world where content is getting more valuable, but networks are being devalued, this seems like it would be suicide,” he said. Creutz’s point is well taken, but it’s not necessarily a Disney-Fox deal specifically that should haunt loyal owners of NFLX stock. It’s that conversations like this one — just with different players — are being re-circulated at a faster and faster pace. Sooner or later, enough of that spaghetti will stick to the wall. Next Page  Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/disney-fox-netflix-nflx-stock/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nflx-stock-keep-climbing/

With the holiday season fast approaching, retail stocks have been in the spotlight. However, video streaming service provider Netflix Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) should be on your radar as well because the firm is gearing up for a big year in 2018. NFLX stock already is trading at all-time highs, but don’t be put off by its meteoric rise. The firm still has further to climb. Netflix has a solid game plan for the upcoming year and investors who stick around are likely to be rewarded. One part of Netflix’s business that has gotten a lot of attention has been the firm’s focus on original content. The company has poured billions into developing multiple hit series and that’s expected to continue into 2018. In 2018, NFLX management says it is planning to spend somewhere between $7 billion and $8 billion on programming with an end goal of eventually having original content make up half of it’s total library. That’s a big deal because the benefits of original content versus licensed programs is still unclear. According to Nielsen, original content isn’t actually all that popular when you compare it to “back catalog,” or licensed shows. The ratings service claims that its studies show that people spend only 20% of the time they spend streaming on original content. On the surface, those claims make NFLX’s strategy look frivolous, but there are other factors to consider. First of all, the Nielsen ratings aren’t exactly comprehensive because they only take into account what people are watching on TV, not what they’re watching on tablets, computers and smartphones. Secondly, original content plays a massive role in driving subscriptions and renewals, a huge part of NFLX’s business. With NFLX upping its subscription prices, it is important that the company maintains its place as most-popular streaming service. Many people are willing to pay monthly simply to keep up with some of their favorite shows. As long as Netflix is able to continue producing hit shows, the firm will have greater price elasticity. Another reason I believe NFLX stock price will continue climbing in the year to come is the fact that the firm has a lot of growth opportunities as it pushes its service further afield. Last year Netflix made its service available in 190 countries across the globe, and I think we’ll start to see those investments pay off in the coming year. Because NFLX uses its own customer data to make its service better, it takes time for the firm to gain traction in new markets. Netflix has proven itself to be successful analyzing customer data to determine what provides customers with the most value and tailoring the streaming experience depending on local tastes. The other reason NFLX is likely to be successful in its expansion efforts is that the company’s customer satisfaction ratings have been impressive. That makes it’s free-trial an extremely effective tool in hooking in new subscribers. NFLX’s massive customer database means that the company can provide users with a hard-to-resist value proposition during their trial period. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nflx-stock-keep-climbing/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/09/top-of-the-list-shares-in-todays-market-netflix-inc-nasdaqnflx/


Helme Dicosta 
2 hours ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX)  Amid the topmost stocks in today’s market is Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX). Netflix, Inc. had a market cap of 84.71B, indicating that it has a good hold on the market value of the shares outstanding. The current market cap of Netflix, Inc. exhibits the basic determinant of asset allocation and risk-return parameters for its stocks. The P/E of Netflix, Inc. is currently valued at 198.83 allowing its investors to analyze the company’s stock valuation and its shares relative to the income of the company that it makes. With the constructive P/E value of Netflix, Inc., the investors are able to forecast the positive earnings growth of the company. The forward P/E of Netflix, Inc. is at 87.04 signifying the uses of estimated net earnings over the next 12 months. Investors will be getting a good grip in comparing the current earnings of the company to estimated future earnings. With its low price-to-sales ratio of 7.78, the company is evidently a better investment since the investors are paying a lower amount for each unit of sales. However, the company sales do not necessarily expose the entire picture, as it might be unprofitable with a low P/S ratio. The price-to-book ratio of 25.51 for Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) implies that investors are highly hopeful for the organization to create more value from the given set of assets. The market value of the firm’s assets are considerably higher in contrast to their accounting value. The current P/B amount of Netflix, Inc. best indicates the value approach in differentiating good from the bad. The ratio also provides a clue to how much investors are paying for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately. The target payout ratio for Netflix, Inc. is currently measuring at 0.00%, outlining what size the company’s dividends should be. It also demonstrates a stable dividend policy for Netflix, Inc. connected to the long-run, with viable earnings. The EPS for Netflix, Inc. is valued at 0.99 with an EPS growth this year at 51.50%. The company’s EPS growth for the following year is valued at 80.42%, indicating an EPS value of -6.50% for the past 5 years, and an EPS value of 61.35% for the coming five years. Netflix, Inc.’s sales for the past 5 years rolls at 22.50%, exhibiting an EPS growth from quarter-to-quarter at 146.50%. The sales growth of the company is 30.30% at the moment, indicating the average sales volume of the company’s products and services that have typically improved year-to-year. Company’s existing stock price is at $196.44 with a change in price of 0.28%. As of now, the target price for the company is measuring at $214.38. Netflix, Inc.’s ROA is rolling at 2.90%, following the ROI of 5.00%. Quick and current ratio is valued at 1.2 and 1.2 respectively. Tags (NASDAQ:NFLX) CATV Systems Inc. NASDAQ Netflix NFLX 1 min ago 1 min ago 1 min ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://www.economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/08/institutional-ownership-and-insider-trading-at-netflix-inc-nflx/

Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) has seen its stock price gain 72.09, or +58.23%, so far in 2017. In the past 3-month period alone, shares of NFLX have appreciated +14.56 – or +8.03%. The stock’s 52-week range is $110.68 to $204.38, and its 3-month range is $164.23 to $204.38. The average Wall Street analyst rating for Netflix, Inc. is Strong Buy, according to the average of 34 analyst scores. Of those analysts, 19 rate stock as a Strong Buy, 12 rate it as Hold, and just no analyst rates it as a Moderate Sell. Insider Trading Activity for Netflix, Inc. Looking at a public company’s insider trading can give great insight into how the stock is performing. Netflix, Inc. has had 23 insider trades in the last 3 months, including 0 open market buys and 23 sells. Of those insider trades, 0 shares of Netflix, Inc. were purchased and 336,270 shares were sold. The total number of shares traded in the last 90-day period is 336,270. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Insider trading over the last 12 months, however, paints a different picture. In the last year there have been a total of 99 insider trades, including 0 open market buys and 99 sells. Of those transactions, there were 0 shares of NFLX bought and 1.89 million shares sold. The total number of shares traded in the last 12 months is 1.89 million. The most recent open market insider trade was Automatic Sell of 350 shares on a day where the closing price was 197.51. The insider, BARTON RICHARD N, now holds 7,012 shares of NFLX. The most recent non open market insider trade was completed by BARTON RICHARD N on 10/12/2017, and was a disposition of 1,000 shares with a final price of $196.75. The insider now holds 7,012 shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX). Examining Institutional Ownership at Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) According to Netflix, Inc.’s latest 13F filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), institutional ownership is at 81.33%. The total amount of shares outstanding is 431.24 million, giving the company a market capitalization of about 84.48 billion. There are 957 institutional holders with active positions, accounting for 351.94 million shares in total. Of those holders, 437 had increased positions amounting to 18.62 million shares, 382 had decreased positions amounting to 26 million shares, and 138 holders have a held position accounting for 307.32 million shares. The top 5 institutional holders, in ascending order, are as follows: CAPITAL RESEARCH GLOBAL INVESTORS with 48.65 million shares, VANGUARD GROUP INC with 27.95 million shares, BLACKROCK INC. with 25.66 million shares, FMR LLC with 23.63 million shares, and STATE STREET CORP with 17.21 million shares. According to Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) most recent 13F filing, the company has 116 new institutional holders – accounting for 2.16 million shares of its common stock. There were 79 sold out positions, amounting to 2.41 million shares. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://oracleexaminer.com/2017/11/08/worthy-analytical-review-for-netflix-inc-nasdaqnflx/

Technical Indicators and Signals The stochastic oscillator indicator is the important indicator to compare the security price over a certain period of time. The stochastic %K of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) for the period of 9-Day stands at 61.83% while the stochastic %D for the same period stands at 74.67%. The 7-Day Average Directional Index ADX (also known as Trend Strength Indicator) of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) signals “Buy” while other important signals like the 20-Day Moving Average Vs. Price signals “Sell”. Another important signal of trend and momentum of a security is 20-50 Day MACD Oscillator or Moving Average Convergence Divergence signals “Buy” for Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) while 20-100 Day MACD Oscillator indicates “Buy”. Bollinger band is a volatility indicator of a certain security, currently Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX)’s 20-Day Bollinger Band indicates “Hold”. About Company Netflix is the world’s leading Internet television network with millions of subscribers in nearly 50 countries who have access to an ever-expanding library of TV shows and movies, including original programming, documentaries and feature films. The company offers the ability to watch as subscribers want, anytime, anywhere, on nearly any Internet-connected screen. Previous Day Activity Analysis On the last trading day, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) opened the session at $200 and after going down -2.12% closed at $195.89. The stock lost -4.11 points in the last trade. Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX)’s stock fluctuated in the range of $194.80 and $200.61 during the previous active session. Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) traded with the volume of 6.46 Million with average volume of 7 Million. The stock has LOW volatility on the last trading session. Currently the Beta for the company remains at 1.4 while ATR (Average True Range) and RSI (Relative Strength Index) are at 4.4 and 52.28 respectively. Currently the Insider Ownership of the shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) is at 0.1% and the shares outstanding are 431.24 Million. Important Ratio Analysis Some important ratios to consider here for Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) are discussed below: Price to Earnings P/E ratio stands at 198.27 while Forward P/E shows the value of 86.79. The PEG ratio (Price to Earning to Growth) emits the value of 3.23. The Price to Sale P/S and Price to Book P/B shows the value of 7.76 and 25.44 respectively. While Price to Cash P/C and Price to Free Cash Flow P/FCF stands at 48.37 and 0 correspondingly. The Quick Ratio of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) stands at 1.2 while the Current Ratio depicts the value of 1.2. Return on Assets ROA of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) is at 2.9% whereas, Return on Equity ROE and Return of Investment ROI of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) stand at 14.6% and 5% respectively. Stock Performance Analysis The stock performance of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) on the basis of 5 day trade show the dip of -0.27% whereas, the monthly performance of the stock shows decrease of -0.5%. The quarterly performance of the stock remained in green zone with the value of 11.44% while six month performance of the shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) remained bullish with the count of 22.22%. The yearly and YTD performance of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) remained up at 57.24% and 58.23% respectively. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/09/glynn-capital-management-llc-decreases-position-in-netflix-inc-nflx.html


					Posted by Rob Logan on Nov 9th, 2017 // No Comments  Glynn Capital Management LLC cut its position in  Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) by 9.0% during the 3rd quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 123,833 shares of the Internet television network’s stock after selling 12,201 shares during the quarter. Netflix comprises  5.6% of Glynn Capital Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 7th biggest position. Glynn Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Netflix were worth $22,457,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.  A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the business. Vanguard Group Inc. lifted its stake in  Netflix by 2.9% in the 2nd quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 27,950,272 shares of the Internet television network’s stock worth $4,176,049,000 after purchasing an additional 789,190 shares in the last quarter.  BlackRock Inc. lifted its stake in  Netflix by 1.7% in the 2nd quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 25,663,728 shares of the Internet television network’s stock worth $3,834,416,000 after purchasing an additional 423,968 shares in the last quarter.  FMR LLC lifted its stake in  Netflix by 12.4% in the 2nd quarter. FMR LLC now owns 23,633,237 shares of the Internet television network’s stock worth $3,531,042,000 after purchasing an additional 2,605,731 shares in the last quarter.  State Street Corp lifted its stake in  Netflix by 2.7% in the 1st quarter. State Street Corp now owns 17,535,737 shares of the Internet television network’s stock worth $2,591,946,000 after purchasing an additional 463,143 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Jennison Associates LLC raised its position in shares of  Netflix by 14.0% during the 2nd quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 14,784,089 shares of the Internet television network’s stock valued at $2,208,891,000 after buying an additional 1,814,056 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  80.68% of the company’s stock.  Several research firms have recently weighed in on NFLX. SunTrust Banks, Inc.  set a $175.00 price objective on shares of Netflix and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, October 16th. UBS AG  restated a “buy” rating and set a $237.00 price objective (up previously from $225.00) on shares of Netflix in a research report on Tuesday, October 17th. BMO Capital Markets  restated a “market perform” rating and set a $205.00 price objective (up previously from $195.00) on shares of Netflix in a research report on Tuesday, October 17th. J P Morgan Chase & Co  set a $242.00 price objective on shares of Netflix and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 17th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. raised their price objective on shares of Netflix from $215.00 to $245.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 17th. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating and thirty-three have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $207.20. In other news, Director Richard N. Barton sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, August 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $165.72, for a total value of $331,440.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 8,012 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,327,748.64. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Reed Hastings sold 93,380 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, August 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $166.07, for a total transaction of $15,507,616.60. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 93,380 shares in the company, valued at $15,507,616.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 341,372 shares of company stock worth $63,059,587 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own  4.90% of the company’s stock.  Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) opened at $196.44 on Thursday. The company has a current ratio of 1.20, a quick ratio of 1.20 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.47. Netflix, Inc. has a 1-year low of $110.68 and a 1-year high of $204.38. The stock has a market cap of $86,602.48, a PE ratio of 202.15, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 5.88 and a beta of 1.39.  Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) last issued its earnings results on Monday, October 16th. The Internet television network reported $0.29 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by ($0.03). Netflix had a return on equity of 14.56% and a net margin of 4.04%. The business had revenue of $2.99 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.97 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.12 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 30.3% on a year-over-year basis.  equities analysts anticipate that  Netflix, Inc. will post 1.28 earnings per share for the current year.  Netflix Company Profile Netflix, Inc is a provider an Internet television network. The Company operates through three segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. The Domestic streaming segment includes services that streams content to its members in the United States. The International streaming segment includes services that streams content to its members outside the United States.   Receive News & Ratings for Netflix Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Netflix Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://theriponadvance.com/recommendation-trends-netflix-inc-nflx/121133261/

Trading Statistics: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) ended its last session at $196.44 by Surging 0.28%. The company currently has an average volume of 7.03 Million. Netflix, Inc. has its outstanding Shares of 431.24 Million. Market capitalization is the total market value of all of a company’s outstanding shares. Market capitalization is calculated by multiplying a company’s shares outstanding by the current market price of one share. The investment community uses this figure to determine a company’s size, as opposed to sales or total asset figures. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) has the market capitalization of 84.71 Billion. The (Simple Month Average) SMA20 is at -0.35 percent, its SMA50 Value is 4.28% and SMA200 value is reported as 20.33 Percent. The stock is currently showing its Return on Assets (ROA) value of 2.9 Percent. The Return on Equity (ROE) and Return on Investment values are 14.6 percent and 5 percent respectively. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) has an annual dividend of $0, while its annual dividend yield is 0%. A dividend is a distribution of a portion of a company’s earnings decided by its BOD (board of directors) specifically for its shareholders. Dividends are mostly given in terms of cash payments, property or as shares of stock. If we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is 1.78%, whereas Month Volatility is at 2.03%. The ATR (Average True Range) value is 4.33. Year to date (YTD) refers to the period beginning the first day of the current calendar or fiscal year up to the current date. YTD information is useful for analyzing business trends or comparing performance data, and the acronym often modifies concepts such as investment returns, earnings and net pay. Year to Date (YTD) performance of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) is 58.68 percent while its Performance (Week) is -0.79 percent and Performance (month) is at 0.7 percent. Price Target Analysis: Price targets show what analysts believes a stock will be worth at the end of a certain time period. Price Target plays a critical role when it comes to the analysis of a Stock. Analysts on average have given a price target of $214.38 to Netflix, Inc. stock. (According to data compiled by finviz) Analyst Recommendations: Analyst Recommendations are opinions given by analysts to their clients about whether a given stock is worth buying or not. According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Finviz, the company has a consensus recommendation of 2.2 out of the scale from 1 to 5, where 1 stands for Buy and 5 means Sell. Earnings Estimate Analysis: The Average Earnings Estimate for the Current Fiscal quarter is $0.41 per share, according to consensus of 34 analysts. The lower end of the projection is $0.4 per share, while the higher end is $0.45 per share. Revenue Estimates: Now when we talk about Revenue Estimate for the current Fiscal Quarter, Average Revenue Estimate of the stock is projected as $3.28 Billion where Low Revenue estimate and High Revenue Estimates are $3.24 Billion and $3.36 Billion respectively by 33 analysts. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

