http://fortune.com/2017/11/13/ge-new-ceo-focus-three-key-units/

General Electric Co’s (ge) new Chief Executive John Flannery will reveal a plan for the company on Monday, focusing on three of its biggest divisions: aviation, power and healthcare. The Wall Street Journal reported that the while the new road map doesn’t include radical restructuring of the 125-year-old industrial giant, it does indicate that the company will be pulling back from its transportation unit as well as GE Lighting (a line which can trace roots back to Thomas Edison). In fact, the CEO will likely exit all operations outside of the three divisions being newly focused on. The Boston-based company is also likely to shed its 63% majority stake in Baker Hughes (bhi), which now exists as a separate public company after merging with GE’s oil and gas operations in July, and has a market value of $40 billion as per Friday’s close. This won’t be for a while though–GE is restricted from selling its stake for several years under current conditions. Last week GE was reportedly laying off sales and software staff ahead of Flannery’s announcement in an effort to improve company profits by slashing costs and abandoning units, a person familiar with the matter told the WSJ. Read: GE Follows Up Apple Partnership With a New Deal Involving Microsoft GE has roughly 24,000 people employed outside its major divisions, in research, digital and headquarters functions. Flannery is expected to streamline GE’s corporate functions by moving research work into specific business units, while software development will be limited to the company’s core industries,  the WSJ says. How many jobs would be affected by the restructuring moves isn’t yet clear: Flannery isn’t expected to announce a specific target Monday. At the end of 2016, GE had 295,000 employees. Read: GE’s Board Says It Had No Idea About the CEO’s Spare Plane The WSJ’s story implies that GE’s transportation unit, will be broken up and sold, with locomotives apparently having no place in Flannery’s strategy. The machinery that it makes for the oil drilling and renewable energy sector might conceivably be relocated in Baker Hughes and in the power division. GE has lost $50 billion in market value since mid-July, at which point investors were told to wait four months for the new CEO to complete an internal company review and reset long-term financial projections. The stock closed Friday at $20.49.       

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/general-electric-slashes-divided-50-114600675.html

General Electric's board of directors on Monday announced plans to cut the company's dividend in half to $0.12 a share. "We understand the importance of this decision to our shareowners and we have not made it lightly," GE's chairman and CEO, John Flannery, said in the release. "We are focused on driving total shareholder return and believe this is the right decision to align our dividend payout to cash flow generation." The dividend cut wasn't the only news to come on Monday. In its GE Investor Update Presentation, the company gave a disappointing outlook for 2018 adjusted earnings. The company sees full year 2018 adjusted earnings of $1 to $1.107 a share, well below the $1.18 that Wall Street is expecting. In addition, GE says it expects revenue growth of 0% to 3% in 2018 and that iw will target 2% to 4% long-term organic revenue growth. Monday's announcement comes amid cost-cutting efforts at the company as Flannery looks to improve the bottom line. In its latest quarterly report, released in October, GE cut its profit forecast for the fiscal year to $1.05 to $1.10 a share, down from its previous forecast of $1.60 to $1.70. In addition to the dividend cut, the company is considering job reductions "across all of its diverse businesses," Reuters reports, citing sources. Layoffs of sales staff and other employees in its software division are said to be coming. GE most recently cut its dividend in 2009, during the depths of the financial crisis. The company will discuss additional business and strategy updates at the GE Investor Update, beginning at 9 a.m. ET on Monday. Markets Insider NOW WATCH: A $6 trillion investment chief reveals the one area of the stock market to avoid See Also: 

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-10/ge-can-t-escape-the-math-that-demands-a-dividend-cut

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 General Electric Co.&apos;s Judgment Day is nigh. New CEO John Flannery&apos;s three-month tenure has so far been rocked by management upheaval, a disastrous earnings report and a GE stock in freefall. On Monday, he&apos;s finally set to unveil his plans for resuscitating this fallen titan of American industry at a make-or-break investor meeting. All manner of breakups are being speculated, but one thing is almost certain to happen, and that&apos;s a cut to GE&apos;s vaunted dividend.   GE &apos;s businesses aren&apos;t bankrupt, but the magnitude of its dividend payout no longer matches the size and cash-generation capabilities of the company following a series of large divestitures.  GE expects to generate just $7 billion in cash flow from its industrial operations this year -- well short of its initial $12 billion to $14 billion goal -- after big earnings misses in its power and energy businesses. After backing out pension and capital expenditure commitments, that leaves it with only about $2 billion of industrial free cash flow against a dividend that costs more than $8 billion annually. Given that math, a cut makes sense. That doesn&apos;t mean it won&apos;t be painful. GE&apos;s shareholder base includes a large number of individual investors who have stuck with the stock in part because of the dividend. Many of them are still bitter about when GE CEO Jeff Immelt had to cut the payout during the financial crisis -- rightfully so, I might add. What&apos;s jarring about this latest looming slash is that it will come at a time when most industrial companies are doing quite well. GE is one of just 13 companies on the 68-member S&P 500 Industrial Index to have a losing year.   Since 2009, dividend cuts among S&P 500 industrial companies have been few and far between, according to data compiled by Bloomberg Dividend Forecasting analyst Matthew Coburn. Fastenal Co.&apos;s dividend fluctuated between 2011 and 2013. A small group of others including Arconic Inc. and the former Tyco International (now Johnson Controls International Plc) have reset their payouts in conjunction with meaningful restructurings of their businesses through spinoffs. And all of those companies are much, much smaller than GE, which even after its epic slide this year has a market value of about $175 billion. Should GE cut its dividend -- and that seems all but inevitable at this point -- expect shares of the company to fall as some retail holders capitulate. Any reduction will go down especially poorly if it&apos;s not also accommodated by either a full-scale breakup or at least a meaningful effort to streamline GE&apos;s conglomerate structure. In the long run, it&apos;s probably not such a bad thing to reset GE to a more reasonable payout ratio as the company seeks to find its footing. Cutting its dividend in half would reduce GE&apos;s payout to 44 percent of its normalized trailing 12-month income, slightly below the median of 48 percent for the entire Dow Jones Industrial Average. Boeing Co., whose dividend payout ratio matches the median, has returned more than 70 percent this year, the best for the index. I don&apos;t think GE is poised for that kind of rebound any time soon. But a drastic dividend cut would represent a commitment to radical change. And that&apos;s just the kind of thinking GE needs right now.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 As of 10:25 a.m. in New York on Friday.    To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

http://www.wbur.org/bostonomix/2017/11/11/after-big-quarterly-earnings-drop-ge-set-to-reveal-cost-cutting-restructuring-plan

 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ge-dividend-slashed-now-123501136.html

General Electric Co. (GE) announced Monday morning that it would cut its dividend by half beginning with the next declaration due in December. The reduction, from $0.24 per quarter to $0.12, is the first since 2009, the depths of the financial crisis. Later this morning, CEO John Flannery will address the company's strategy at an investor update, set to begin at 9 a.m. ET. Separating the dividend cut from the strategy session sets the table for Flannery to talk about the company's cash flow and how it's going to improve. There is also unlikely to be a lot of good news for many GE employees, thousands of whom are expected to lose their jobs. ALSO READ: 14 Mistakes That Can Wreck Your Retirement Plans In the press announcement of the dividend cut, Flannery said: We understand the importance of this decision to our shareowners and we have not made it lightly. We are focused on driving total shareholder return and believe this is the right decision to align our dividend payout to cash flow generation. The dividend remains an important component of GE's capital allocation framework. With this action and others that we will be discussing this morning, we are acting with urgency to make GE simpler and stronger to drive growth and create more value for our shareowners. ALSO READ: America’s Most Hated Companies "Simpler and stronger" implies smaller and more focused. But how much smaller and focused on what? Flannery has already promised more than $20 billion in asset sales. The company's railroad business is believed to be at the top of the list of divisions to go. The better performing portions of the Lighting segment already have been moved under the Power segment, and what's left is a good candidate for going on the block. The dividend cut was expected. GE really had no choice. Besides, investors had already punished the stock in anticipation of the cut. In Monday's premarket trading, the stock traded up about 2.3%, at $20.95 in a 52-week range of $19.63 to $32.38. The 12-month consensus price target is $25.33. Related Articles 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3311279-ge-strategic-update-tap-monday

"It really has to be a wholesale overhaul of the business model,” says RBC's Deane Dray. "The market is looking for a definitive action." Among those actions as new General Electric (NYSE:GE) CEO John Flannery leads the company's investor day to start next week is what's now a widely expected cut in the dividend. GE has paid a dividend since 1899 - the last cut was during the financial crisis; the one before that was during the Great Depression. As for other strategies, nothing is being ruled out, those close to the review process tell the WSJ, including a breakup of the company. Flannery, of course, has already been busy - shaking up senior management, delaying completion of the company's new HQ in Boston, grounding the corporate fleet, and announcing plans for layoffs and research-center closures. Divestitures on tap include the company's railroad business and its health care information-technology operation. Now read: Did General Electric Just Bottom » 

http://www.bostonherald.com/business/business_markets/2017/11/ge_hits_reset_button_monday

General Electric’s new CEO will unveil his long-awaited strategy to turn around the industrial conglomerate next week, a plan analysts expect to include the sale of a number of divisions and a cut to the company’s stock dividend. “Step 1 is ripping off the Band-Aid and getting all the negatives out of the way,” said Jeff Sprague, managing partner at Vertical Research Partners. “Step 2 is how do we grow from here?”
  

    if (typeof googletag != 'undefined') {
      googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('mobile_box1'); });
    }
    

 On Monday, GE chief executive John Flannery will present his plan to investors. He took over from Jeff Immelt earlier this year. GE has lost about $100 billion in stock market value, and is the worst performer in the Dow Jones industrial average. GE has already begun staff reductions, including some at its new headquarters in Boston, the Herald reported yesterday, and is eyeing about $20 billion in cost cuts. “There are always difficult choices, particularly at a time like this,” said Weld Butler, president of Harbor Advisory. “They need to buckle down.” Last month, Flannery said “everything is on the table” after another disappointing earnings report. GE has been beset with a brutal combination of bad luck and poor management in recent years, analysts say. “It’s a conglomerate. Those are difficult beasts with lots of different parts, and picking which one will be a winner in the future is difficult, which Jeff Immelt did not do particularly well,” Butler said. Perhaps nothing sums up GE’s missteps in recent years as much as the disclosure of the practice of having a second, empty jet follow Immelt around the world in case he needed a spare plane. GE executives now fly commercial, and the company is selling its corporate jets. Other executive perks, including a take-home car program, have also been ended. The company’s circumstances are so dire that both Sprague and Butler said they expect GE to cut its dividend, a move the company has made only once since the Great Depression. “It’s a big deal, and we think that’ll be reflected in the stock,” Butler said. Sprague said the cost of GE’s new Boston headquarters is not seen as a significant expense, but a scaled-back project could send an important signal. “With the company struggling like this, the last thing they should be doing is building a big, shiny new headquarters,” he said. “GE needs to cut billions of dollars of cost. The idea of scaling it back and reducing that by a few hundred million dollars is important, but it doesn’t really move the needle.” GE has already delayed construction of part of its HQ, and now plans to begin work on a new building only after the renovation of two existing buildings is completed. 

https://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2017/11/11/faces-major-inflection-point-under-new-ceo/wr5lYiLZY46bTuYm6KEj7I/story.html


To

 
Add a message

 
Your e-mail

   Christopher Goodney/Bloomberg News/File “There needs to be real change,’’ said John Flannery, the new chief executive at General Electric.   General Electric Co. was embraced by local power brokers when the company arrived in Boston last year, validating their view of the city as a global player. Investors? They’ve got a decidedly different opinion of the company. GE is the Dog of the Dow, the worst-performing stock in the blue-chip index. The shares have dropped by more than 30 percent this year amid concerns that the company’s leadership wasn’t doing enough to control expenses or capitalize on its big investments.  CEO John Flannery, who took over in August when Jeff Immelt retired sooner than expected, is charged with restoring the kind of steady growth that once made GE a Wall Street darling. On Monday, he will be in New York to detail his plans to get GE back on the right track. The 30-year GE veteran has signaled what’s on the agenda: cost-cutting, including layoffs, asset sales, and wiser deployment of the company’s money. Also in his sights is GE’s corporate culture: Candor and accountability are the new watchwords. “There needs to be real change, and you should know that this team is committed to that,” Flannery, 56, promised analysts last month.  Flannery has already taken clear steps to send signals to the troops: selling off the corporate jets at Hanscom Field, ending a car service available to some 700 employees, moving a January retreat from Boca Raton, Fla., to Boston. He reshuffled his leadership team and helped reduce expenses by $1.2 billion this year, including through job cuts that are underway.  But many questions remain for investors: How will Flannery find more ways to deliver on a promise to trim $3 billion-plus from the company’s budget over two years, as well as divesting up to $20 billion worth of business lines? Will he shave the once-sacred dividend, thin out an unusually large board of directors, properly fix the company’s opaque accounting approach, or sell off a core business? Bostonians, meanwhile, might worry about what this slimmed-down GE means for their city. Flannery’s review has led to a two-year delay in completing GE’s new headquarters complex in Fort Point, though company reps say they still plan to go forward with the $200 million project.   GE also has reassured city leaders of its long-term plans to employ 800 people in the city by 2024 — a promise made in return for $25 million in property tax breaks over 20 years. GE also says its pledge to spend $50 million on local philanthropic efforts over five years remains intact. But the ongoing reductions to the company’s nearly 300,000-person operation will inevitably affect GE’s Boston workforce, which includes about 250 people in temporary digs on Farnsworth Street and 50 at GE’s Current division, which focuses on lighting and energy, near South Station. Company officials say the impact on the local workforce should be limited. Nick Heymann, an analyst with investment bank William Blair & Co., said the process could benefit Boston, despite the short-term pain and uncertainty. Current might be sold off, or the headquarters project could be scaled back. But Heymann said Flannery’s steps should make GE a stronger company, even if it looks quite different two years from now than what it looks like today. “GE’s move is a cornerstone for Boston’s effort to become Silicon Valley East, like it was in the ‘80s,” Heymann said. “It ultimately is likely under John Flannery’s leadership to enjoy greater long-term success.” ‘This is typical of corporate restructuring. They’ve been pretty transparent with all of us.’ Like Immelt, Flannery is looking to make big changes to GE. But Flannery is trying to make these changes as quickly as possible. “Flannery is much more of an operator, someone who digs down into the finances and understands what’s going on within the business than Jeff had been as a CEO,” said Martin Sankey, an analyst with Neuberger Berman, a New York-based investment firm. Immelt sought to build an industrial-focused company, one that used software and data to make big machines run more effectively and efficiently. That meant selling off NBCUniversal, most of GE Capital, and the appliance division. Meanwhile, he plowed money into a software business known as GE Digital and some big acquisitions, such as the $10 billion purchase of Alstom’s power businesses. Immelt took an if-you-build-it, they-will-come strategy. But Flannery, Heymann said, is more focused on the here-and-now: “His approach is. . . to change every aspect of the company: the board, the management, the culture, the cost structure, and then focus the business portfolio only on businesses that are earning their cost of capital today, not possibly tomorrow.”  Among the most notable developments under Immelt’s tenure was the arrival of activist investor Trian Fund Management. Initially, the relationship seemed friendly. But matters turned terse earlier this year, as Trian cofounder Nelson Peltz apparently grew frustrated with the languishing stock price. Immelt agreed in March to chop $2 billion out of the budget over two years as part of those discussions with Peltz. It wasn’t enough. The stock continued to slide. GE’s board kicked its long-simmering succession plan into high gear. Immelt was gone. Trian’s chief investment officer, Ed Garden, had a seat at the table. Flannery, who added the chairman’s title in October, has spent the past several months on two efforts: meeting with shareholders to gauge their concerns and with employees to find efficiencies. “The team and I performed deep dives on all aspects of the company,” Flannery told analysts last month. “And no stone has been left unturned.” For a conglomerate the size of GE, one that generates more than $120 billion a year in revenue through operations in more than 170 countries, this isn’t an easy task. Flannery said there are no “sacred cows.” But internal politics can get in the way as fiefdoms are protected. If Mayor Martin J. Walsh and his team in City Hall are worried, they aren’t showing it. Flannery met with Walsh in August to discuss the decision to delay the new headquarters.  “This is typical of corporate restructuring,” said John Barros, Walsh’s top economic aide. “I think they’ve been pretty transparent with all of us.”   Business leaders in Boston don’t seem alarmed, either.   “A diminished GE goes from a giant to a smaller giant,” said David Begelfer, chief executive of real estate trade group NAIOP Massachusetts. “We’ve already benefited from them being here. Companies have looked at Boston on the basis of the fact that GE went here, so they should look here.”
     

https://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2017/11/11/faces-major-inflection-point-under-new-ceo/wr5lYiLZY46bTuYm6KEj7I/story.html


To

 
Add a message

 
Your e-mail

   Christopher Goodney/Bloomberg News/File “There needs to be real change,’’ said John Flannery, the new chief executive at General Electric.   General Electric Co. was embraced by local power brokers when the company arrived in Boston last year, validating their view of the city as a global player. Investors? They’ve got a decidedly different opinion of the company. GE is the Dog of the Dow, the worst-performing stock in the blue-chip index. The shares have dropped by more than 30 percent this year amid concerns that the company’s leadership wasn’t doing enough to control expenses or capitalize on its big investments.  CEO John Flannery, who took over in August when Jeff Immelt retired sooner than expected, is charged with restoring the kind of steady growth that once made GE a Wall Street darling. On Monday, he will be in New York to detail his plans to get GE back on the right track. The 30-year GE veteran has signaled what’s on the agenda: cost-cutting, including layoffs, asset sales, and wiser deployment of the company’s money. Also in his sights is GE’s corporate culture: Candor and accountability are the new watchwords. “There needs to be real change, and you should know that this team is committed to that,” Flannery, 56, promised analysts last month.  Flannery has already taken clear steps to send signals to the troops: selling off the corporate jets at Hanscom Field, ending a car service available to some 700 employees, moving a January retreat from Boca Raton, Fla., to Boston. He reshuffled his leadership team and helped reduce expenses by $1.2 billion this year, including through job cuts that are underway.  But many questions remain for investors: How will Flannery find more ways to deliver on a promise to trim $3 billion-plus from the company’s budget over two years, as well as divesting up to $20 billion worth of business lines? Will he shave the once-sacred dividend, thin out an unusually large board of directors, properly fix the company’s opaque accounting approach, or sell off a core business? Bostonians, meanwhile, might worry about what this slimmed-down GE means for their city. Flannery’s review has led to a two-year delay in completing GE’s new headquarters complex in Fort Point, though company reps say they still plan to go forward with the $200 million project.   GE also has reassured city leaders of its long-term plans to employ 800 people in the city by 2024 — a promise made in return for $25 million in property tax breaks over 20 years. GE also says its pledge to spend $50 million on local philanthropic efforts over five years remains intact. But the ongoing reductions to the company’s nearly 300,000-person operation will inevitably affect GE’s Boston workforce, which includes about 250 people in temporary digs on Farnsworth Street and 50 at GE’s Current division, which focuses on lighting and energy, near South Station. Company officials say the impact on the local workforce should be limited. Nick Heymann, an analyst with investment bank William Blair & Co., said the process could benefit Boston, despite the short-term pain and uncertainty. Current might be sold off, or the headquarters project could be scaled back. But Heymann said Flannery’s steps should make GE a stronger company, even if it looks quite different two years from now than what it looks like today. “GE’s move is a cornerstone for Boston’s effort to become Silicon Valley East, like it was in the ‘80s,” Heymann said. “It ultimately is likely under John Flannery’s leadership to enjoy greater long-term success.” ‘This is typical of corporate restructuring. They’ve been pretty transparent with all of us.’ Like Immelt, Flannery is looking to make big changes to GE. But Flannery is trying to make these changes as quickly as possible. “Flannery is much more of an operator, someone who digs down into the finances and understands what’s going on within the business than Jeff had been as a CEO,” said Martin Sankey, an analyst with Neuberger Berman, a New York-based investment firm. Immelt sought to build an industrial-focused company, one that used software and data to make big machines run more effectively and efficiently. That meant selling off NBCUniversal, most of GE Capital, and the appliance division. Meanwhile, he plowed money into a software business known as GE Digital and some big acquisitions, such as the $10 billion purchase of Alstom’s power businesses. Immelt took an if-you-build-it, they-will-come strategy. But Flannery, Heymann said, is more focused on the here-and-now: “His approach is. . . to change every aspect of the company: the board, the management, the culture, the cost structure, and then focus the business portfolio only on businesses that are earning their cost of capital today, not possibly tomorrow.”  Among the most notable developments under Immelt’s tenure was the arrival of activist investor Trian Fund Management. Initially, the relationship seemed friendly. But matters turned terse earlier this year, as Trian cofounder Nelson Peltz apparently grew frustrated with the languishing stock price. Immelt agreed in March to chop $2 billion out of the budget over two years as part of those discussions with Peltz. It wasn’t enough. The stock continued to slide. GE’s board kicked its long-simmering succession plan into high gear. Immelt was gone. Trian’s chief investment officer, Ed Garden, had a seat at the table. Flannery, who added the chairman’s title in October, has spent the past several months on two efforts: meeting with shareholders to gauge their concerns and with employees to find efficiencies. “The team and I performed deep dives on all aspects of the company,” Flannery told analysts last month. “And no stone has been left unturned.” For a conglomerate the size of GE, one that generates more than $120 billion a year in revenue through operations in more than 170 countries, this isn’t an easy task. Flannery said there are no “sacred cows.” But internal politics can get in the way as fiefdoms are protected. If Mayor Martin J. Walsh and his team in City Hall are worried, they aren’t showing it. Flannery met with Walsh in August to discuss the decision to delay the new headquarters.  “This is typical of corporate restructuring,” said John Barros, Walsh’s top economic aide. “I think they’ve been pretty transparent with all of us.”   Business leaders in Boston don’t seem alarmed, either.   “A diminished GE goes from a giant to a smaller giant,” said David Begelfer, chief executive of real estate trade group NAIOP Massachusetts. “We’ve already benefited from them being here. Companies have looked at Boston on the basis of the fact that GE went here, so they should look here.”
     

