http://www.columbiatribune.com/news/20171110/consultant-harsh-report-not-meant-to-end-mu-greek-system

 The need for the consulting report that recommends banning freshman from living in fraternity houses, stronger supervision of parties and a more engaged administration at the University of Missouri was apparent soon after Gary Ward added student affairs to his duties.During a town hall Friday on the findings and recommendations of the Dyad Strategies report, Ward said he had been on the job for a day in May when hundreds of emails started flooding his inbox. Ward, who retains his previous duties as vice-chancellor for campus operations, said he was astonished.“There were two things I realized,” Ward said. “First, I was scared to death. I was hearing very disturbing things that put me in concern for the university. The second thing was the amount of passion.”Afterward, Ward declined to give specifics about the events that disturbed him, only saying it was happening in parties in fraternity houses. The report found evidence of coerced drinking by underage students, hazing and an oversight office with no “overarching goals, objectives or priorities."Gentry McCreary, the consultant who wrote the report, spent most of two hours going over the findings and recommendations, and answering submitted questions. He began by assuring the gathering of about 150, including Greek chapter members and alumni who act as advisors or corporate board members, that his report wasn’t intended to end fraternity and sorority life on campus.“One of the things I have heard is, ‘Oh, gosh, this is the first step in the university getting rid of Greek life,’” McCreary said. “I have heard that feedback and I have heard that sentiment. Let me tell you from the outset that if I had thought that were true, I would never have agreed to do this job.”McCreary also apologized for not reviewing chapter grade reports available online. The report originally included information that freshmen who live in fraternity houses do worse academically than their classmates who live in dormitories. That sentence was removed after a Columbia Missourian report questioning its accuracy.Along with online reports, Dyad received data before it began its study showing that fraternity and sorority members who have entered MU since 2009 have higher retention and graduation rates than their non-Greek classmates. That data, provided to the Tribune under a Sunshine Law request, shows 71 percent of fraternity members and 83 percent of sorority members graduate within five years, compared to 60 percent of non-Greek students.“There are people who have wanted to discredit my entire report because of one inaccurate statement and if that is your prerogative it is certainly your right to feel that way,” McCreary said. “It didn’t change any of the recommendations.”Fraternities and sororities on campus are divided into four groups. The oldest, dating to 1869, are traditionally white fraternities and sororities of the Interfraternity Council and the Panhellenic Association, which today are required to be inclusive in their membership. There is also the National Panhellenic Council, which governs traditionally black fraternities and sororities, and the Multicultural Greek Council, the newest group, with some organizations that are open to all students and others targeting particular campus communities.The riskiest behavior identified in the report — parties with hard alcohol, freshmen being hazed, freshmen allowed to drink while underage and lack of older students in the chapter houses — is in the Interfraternity Council chapters, McCreary said.Sororities generally don’t allow freshmen to live in their chapter houses and the other governing groups typically don’t have chapter houses and recruit students in their second or third year on campus, he said.“So this was taking about freshmen living in houses and that was geared more specifically to the IFC,” McCreary said. “They certainly are involved in the behavior that seems to be the highest risk.”Since the report was issued Oct. 24, the public response from Greek organizations has been muted. Those contacted have turned down requests for interviews. A series of private discussions, held by invitation only, will begin Monday.Devin Tarantino, president of the Interfraternity Council, was reluctant to state any views on the report after the meeting.“We don’t want any misinformation going out to the media so we want to make sure what we have going out is correct,” Tarantino said. “I think it would be more difficult for the public to get misinformation and have us unwind it.”The report is being taken seriously by the fraternities, said Trevor Beshear, vice president of public relations for the council.“When you look at it, this report, some of the things may be tough to hear but it is about moving forward and making our community one of the best in the country, and the safest,” he said.Ward and Dean of Students Jeff Zeilenga emphasized that the goal is a safer, more academically-minded system for fraternities and sororities. The chapters raise large sums for charities and spearhead the annual blood drive that collects thousands of units of blood for the Red Cross, Ward said.“We are going to be the nation’s model for Greek life,” Ward said. “I don’t know how we define that but we are going to do that together.”rkeller@columbiatribune.com573-815-1709 The need for the consulting report that recommends banning freshman from living in fraternity houses, stronger supervision of parties and a more engaged administration at the University of Missouri was apparent soon after Gary Ward added student affairs to his duties. During a town hall Friday on the findings and recommendations of the Dyad Strategies report, Ward said he had been on the job for a day in May when hundreds of emails started flooding his inbox. Ward, who retains his previous duties as vice-chancellor for campus operations, said he was astonished. “There were two things I realized,” Ward said. “First, I was scared to death. I was hearing very disturbing things that put me in concern for the university. The second thing was the amount of passion.” Afterward, Ward declined to give specifics about the events that disturbed him, only saying it was happening in parties in fraternity houses. The report found evidence of coerced drinking by underage students, hazing and an oversight office with no “overarching goals, objectives or priorities." Gentry McCreary, the consultant who wrote the report, spent most of two hours going over the findings and recommendations, and answering submitted questions. He began by assuring the gathering of about 150, including Greek chapter members and alumni who act as advisors or corporate board members, that his report wasn’t intended to end fraternity and sorority life on campus. “One of the things I have heard is, ‘Oh, gosh, this is the first step in the university getting rid of Greek life,’” McCreary said. “I have heard that feedback and I have heard that sentiment. Let me tell you from the outset that if I had thought that were true, I would never have agreed to do this job.” McCreary also apologized for not reviewing chapter grade reports available online. The report originally included information that freshmen who live in fraternity houses do worse academically than their classmates who live in dormitories. That sentence was removed after a Columbia Missourian report questioning its accuracy. Along with online reports, Dyad received data before it began its study showing that fraternity and sorority members who have entered MU since 2009 have higher retention and graduation rates than their non-Greek classmates. That data, provided to the Tribune under a Sunshine Law request, shows 71 percent of fraternity members and 83 percent of sorority members graduate within five years, compared to 60 percent of non-Greek students. “There are people who have wanted to discredit my entire report because of one inaccurate statement and if that is your prerogative it is certainly your right to feel that way,” McCreary said. “It didn’t change any of the recommendations.” Fraternities and sororities on campus are divided into four groups. The oldest, dating to 1869, are traditionally white fraternities and sororities of the Interfraternity Council and the Panhellenic Association, which today are required to be inclusive in their membership. There is also the National Panhellenic Council, which governs traditionally black fraternities and sororities, and the Multicultural Greek Council, the newest group, with some organizations that are open to all students and others targeting particular campus communities. The riskiest behavior identified in the report — parties with hard alcohol, freshmen being hazed, freshmen allowed to drink while underage and lack of older students in the chapter houses — is in the Interfraternity Council chapters, McCreary said. Sororities generally don’t allow freshmen to live in their chapter houses and the other governing groups typically don’t have chapter houses and recruit students in their second or third year on campus, he said. “So this was taking about freshmen living in houses and that was geared more specifically to the IFC,” McCreary said. “They certainly are involved in the behavior that seems to be the highest risk.” Since the report was issued Oct. 24, the public response from Greek organizations has been muted. Those contacted have turned down requests for interviews. A series of private discussions, held by invitation only, will begin Monday. Devin Tarantino, president of the Interfraternity Council, was reluctant to state any views on the report after the meeting. “We don’t want any misinformation going out to the media so we want to make sure what we have going out is correct,” Tarantino said. “I think it would be more difficult for the public to get misinformation and have us unwind it.” The report is being taken seriously by the fraternities, said Trevor Beshear, vice president of public relations for the council. “When you look at it, this report, some of the things may be tough to hear but it is about moving forward and making our community one of the best in the country, and the safest,” he said. Ward and Dean of Students Jeff Zeilenga emphasized that the goal is a safer, more academically-minded system for fraternities and sororities. The chapters raise large sums for charities and spearhead the annual blood drive that collects thousands of units of blood for the Red Cross, Ward said. “We are going to be the nation’s model for Greek life,” Ward said. “I don’t know how we define that but we are going to do that together.” rkeller@columbiatribune.com 573-815-1709 

http://www.ktts.com/news/local-news/curators-approve-building-priorities-for-mu-campuses

 COLUMBIA, Mo. (AP) — The University of Missouri Board of Curators has approved preliminary plans for top capital projects for each of the system's four campuses. Final approval is expected in March. Curators say the top priority for the entire system and the Columbia campus is a $200 million Translational Precision Medicine Complex, designed to find new ways to diagnose and treat health issues. Precision medicine tailors medical treatment to the molecule-by-molecule makeup of the patient. Missouri -St. Louis' top priority is a $16 million plan to consolidate space, eliminate outstanding maintenance costs and tear down outdated buildings. A $32 million research center for the School of Computing and Engineering is the main priority at Missouri-Kansas City. And Missouri S&T is planning a $20 million renovation of the hall that houses its biological sciences and chemistry departments. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 

http://www.columbiatribune.com/news/20171111/mu-hopes-to-blunt-crisis-through-education

 The University of Missouri School of Medicine hopes to help blunt the opioid abuse health crisis with a new course to teach health care providers across the state about the dangers of the painkilling drugs.According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, overdose deaths in Missouri from synthetic opioids increased 63.2 percent between 2014 and 2015. Opioids are painkilling drugs such as morphine, codeine, heroin and fentanyl.The Show-Me ECHO program, Missouri’s chapter of the nationwide program, began in 2015 and is run through the Missouri Telehealth Network at the MU School of Medicine. School officials said MU recognized the need to educate health care providers about opioid addiction and abuse.“We became increasingly aware of the crisis,” said Karen Edison, medical director of the Show-Me ECHO program. “We’ve been doing a chronic pain ECHO since the beginning, so we see the chronic pain” class “as the prevention and the opioid use disorder” class “as the treatment.”Show-Me ECHO began its opioid program on Sept. 8. With more than 100 users registered, the program meets virtually on the second and fourth Friday of each month from 11:45 a.m. to 1 p.m.Show-Me ECHO also offers sessions on asthma, autism, child psychology, chronic pain management, community health, dermatology, health care ethics and hepatitis C.The goal of the opioid use disorder program is to spread knowledge to parts of Missouri that don’t have as much access to health care.“You’re going to be getting specialty information out to all areas of Missouri, the rural, underserved, uninsured and underinsured,” said Misty Jordan, ECHO’s coordinator for opioid use disorder.Each session begins with an introduction of the experts. For the opioid use disorder class, the team consists of two addiction psychiatrists, a pharmacist, a social worker, a clinical psychologist, a primary care addictionologist and a health literacy expert.“In that ECHO, we teach a medication-first strategy to decrease” disease and death, Edison said. “We also teach evidence-based principles that reduce harm and encourage recovery and support. We teach compassionate, patient-centered care for individuals who are addicted to opioids. Our whole approach is aimed at keeping people alive.”The experts go over the specific topic planned for each section. For the opioid use disorder class, topics include reducing barriers to treatment for opioid use disorder, the neuroscience of addiction and strategies to prevent relapse in addicts.Participants can present anonymous cases to discuss, ask questions and receive recommendations.Megan Cates, a doctor of osteopathic medicine at Family Health Center in Columbia, attends the opioid sessions. She has also taken the chronic pain management course and will begin the child psychology session soon.“The ECHOs are” a “great learning opportunity,” Cates said. “The opioid use disorder in general is a big issue. We’ve all heard of the opioid epidemic and I wanted to hear more about it. It’s a great way to learn more from people who are treating it.”The opioid class will last until March.Jordan said health care providers will not be experts after completing a session, but the increased knowledge will help them and their patients.“You’re educating yourself,” Jordan said. “It’s going to get wait times shorter and make the whole medical system more efficient.”   The University of Missouri School of Medicine hopes to help blunt the opioid abuse health crisis with a new course to teach health care providers across the state about the dangers of the painkilling drugs. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, overdose deaths in Missouri from synthetic opioids increased 63.2 percent between 2014 and 2015. Opioids are painkilling drugs such as morphine, codeine, heroin and fentanyl. The Show-Me ECHO program, Missouri’s chapter of the nationwide program, began in 2015 and is run through the Missouri Telehealth Network at the MU School of Medicine. School officials said MU recognized the need to educate health care providers about opioid addiction and abuse. “We became increasingly aware of the crisis,” said Karen Edison, medical director of the Show-Me ECHO program. “We’ve been doing a chronic pain ECHO since the beginning, so we see the chronic pain” class “as the prevention and the opioid use disorder” class “as the treatment.” Show-Me ECHO began its opioid program on Sept. 8. With more than 100 users registered, the program meets virtually on the second and fourth Friday of each month from 11:45 a.m. to 1 p.m. Show-Me ECHO also offers sessions on asthma, autism, child psychology, chronic pain management, community health, dermatology, health care ethics and hepatitis C. The goal of the opioid use disorder program is to spread knowledge to parts of Missouri that don’t have as much access to health care. “You’re going to be getting specialty information out to all areas of Missouri, the rural, underserved, uninsured and underinsured,” said Misty Jordan, ECHO’s coordinator for opioid use disorder. Each session begins with an introduction of the experts. For the opioid use disorder class, the team consists of two addiction psychiatrists, a pharmacist, a social worker, a clinical psychologist, a primary care addictionologist and a health literacy expert. “In that ECHO, we teach a medication-first strategy to decrease” disease and death, Edison said. “We also teach evidence-based principles that reduce harm and encourage recovery and support. We teach compassionate, patient-centered care for individuals who are addicted to opioids. Our whole approach is aimed at keeping people alive.” The experts go over the specific topic planned for each section. For the opioid use disorder class, topics include reducing barriers to treatment for opioid use disorder, the neuroscience of addiction and strategies to prevent relapse in addicts. Participants can present anonymous cases to discuss, ask questions and receive recommendations. Megan Cates, a doctor of osteopathic medicine at Family Health Center in Columbia, attends the opioid sessions. She has also taken the chronic pain management course and will begin the child psychology session soon. “The ECHOs are” a “great learning opportunity,” Cates said. “The opioid use disorder in general is a big issue. We’ve all heard of the opioid epidemic and I wanted to hear more about it. It’s a great way to learn more from people who are treating it.” The opioid class will last until March. Jordan said health care providers will not be experts after completing a session, but the increased knowledge will help them and their patients. “You’re educating yourself,” Jordan said. “It’s going to get wait times shorter and make the whole medical system more efficient.”     

http://www.herald-dispatch.com/news/mu-seeks-entries-for-art-exhibition/article_4b2ecdf7-fa6b-5ad6-8681-4ea9d0f80039.html

HUNTINGTON - The Marshall University School of Art & Design and the Marshall University Libraries will host a women's art exhibition next semester. Titled "Nevertheless, She Persisted," the gallery will be on display at the Drinko Library from Jan. 8 through May 4. Marshall University students, faculty, alumni and staff are all eligible to submit works. Entries can be dropped off at the circulation desk at the Drinko Library on Nov. 30 and Dec. 1. "The exhibition started with Sabrina Thomas, who is an instructor and research librarian at the Drinko Library," said Melissa Yungbluth, the gallery director and facilities coordinator for the College of Art & Media. "She approached us and suggested that they have an exhibition in conjunction with the School of Art & Design. They have some student and staff artwork up there, but it's pretty random. They wanted to do something thematic. "Because of what is happening politically right now, she thought this was a really strong idea and what needed to be done at Marshall," Yungbluth said. "It is a women's exhibition, open to all students, faculty and staff artists who identify as female. It will mostly feature 2-D artwork, and there will be glass cases for smaller 3-D pieces." The works will be judged Dec. 4, and those who have entered will receive email notifications about whether their work was accepted. The various pieces of art will be installed from Dec. 5 through 8. For more information, contact Sabrina Thomas at tho4@marshall.edu or 304-696-3627. Entry forms can be found at the Drinko Library and at the Visual Arts Center. "The selection process is going to be based on the amount of work that we receive," said Heather Stark, assistant professor of art history and program director for the School of Art & Design. "We will strive to be more inclusive than exclusive. The three of us - Sabrina Thomas, Melissa Yungbluth and myself - will be judging together. We will be looking for the best representation in terms of the variety of media in terms of design. We would like to include as much as possible." For more information on the College of Art & Media and upcoming events, visit https://www.marshall.edu/art/. Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd,
racist or sexually-oriented language.
PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.
Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another
person will not be tolerated.
Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone
or anything.
Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism
that is degrading to another person.
Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on
each comment to let us know of abusive posts.
Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness
accounts, the history behind an article.
 We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on! Learn about health, finances and more.  Check out news about the most popular models.  The best in restaurants, fun and more!  Keep up with who is running.   Find stories, polls and more!  In-depth stories on people, places & events  Events, festivals, attractions and more.  A periodic series about people in recovery.  Free packages and paid options are available.   Help us recognize active military members.   Your source for health services and information.  Photo prices start at $6.   Click the hamburger to customize your grid.  Follow your favorite team, get stats and more.  Follow your favorite driver!  Free packages and paid options are available.  25th and 50th anniversaries are free!   MU football photos from the 1960s to present.  Remembering the lives lost.  Read more about local restaurants.  Remembering vanished Huntington landmarks.  

http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/tp-mumbai/mu-holds-exam-at-stampede-survivors-home/article20143773.ece

Akash Parab at his home in Vikhroli.Special Arrangement
 
 Akash Parab, who was injured in the Elphinstone Road stampede on September 29, was able to appear for his second year B.Com third semester examination on Friday thanks to the efforts of officials of the Mumbai University . The officials visited Parab’s house in Vikhroli with the question paper and gave him an extra hour as per university rules to complete the exam. 

http://www.thehindu.com/todays-paper/tp-national/tp-mumbai/mu-holds-exam-at-stampede-survivors-home/article20143773.ece

Akash Parab at his home in Vikhroli.Special Arrangement
 
 Akash Parab, who was injured in the Elphinstone Road stampede on September 29, was able to appear for his second year B.Com third semester examination on Friday thanks to the efforts of officials of the Mumbai University . The officials visited Parab’s house in Vikhroli with the question paper and gave him an extra hour as per university rules to complete the exam. 

