https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nflx-stock-shrinking-mote/

Source: Shutterstock Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) has reached a plateau. After periods of seemingly continuous increases, NFLX stock has remained flat for the last month. Though the success of homegrown programming such as Stranger Things and its move into 190 countries throughout the world has bolstered the stock, the equity now faces many threats. Given a high valuation and its competitive threats, investors would be wise to avoid this stock for now.
A sell recommendation on this article comes with mixed feelings. As I pointed out in September, Netflix has enjoyed an ever-growing stock bolstered by 20 years of mostly correct strategic decisions. And as our won Robert Waldo pointed out, when people are using “Netflix” as a verb meaning to watch streamed content, it’s a clear indication that NFLX and its offerings have become an integral part of millions of lives. With solid management and a great programming lineup, it is little wonder this service, and by extension NFLX stock, remains popular. Still, challenges remain. The most serious challenge for the company involves formidable competitors arising, namely Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS).
Having Disney pull its content from Netflix to start their streaming service serves as a blow to the platform. Netflix’s moat is not wide or deep enough to block Disney. With its classic movies dating as far back as the 1930s, Pixar, and the Star Wars franchise, Disney offers a library of time-tested content with which NFLX cannot compete. However, this does not mean Disney will destroy Netflix. NFLX produces great content of its own, the latest being Stranger Things 2. It is this content upon which Netflix’s moat was built and allowed them to stay on top of competition from Hulu, Prime from Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and HBO Now from Time Warner Inc (NYSE:TWX).
Moreover, NFLX has a history of defeating the competition. The company ran Blockbuster LLC out of business through mail order movies and later streaming. Additionally, the company undercut cable providers, calling into question the viability of offerings from Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T). Still, another issue with the company is the NFLX stock price itself. The equity trades in the $190s per share. This price has NFLX stock trading at almost 200 times earnings, eight times sales and over 25 times book value. The sales and book value metrics exceed that of even Amazon. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nflx-stock-shrinking-mote/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/11/12/insider-selling-netflix-inc-nflx-ceo-sells-16066154-65-in-stock.html


					Posted by Lisa Durand on Nov 12th, 2017 // No Comments  Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) CEO Reed Hastings sold 83,335 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $192.79, for a total value of $16,066,154.65. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 83,335 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,066,154.65. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website.  Reed Hastings also recently made the following trade(s):  Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ NFLX) traded down $1.88 during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $192.02. 6,622,100 shares of the company’s stock traded hands, compared to its average volume of 8,039,365. Netflix, Inc. has a 12-month low of $110.68 and a 12-month high of $204.38. The stock has a market cap of $83,093.01, a PE ratio of 193.96, a P/E/G ratio of 5.64 and a beta of 1.39. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.47, a current ratio of 1.20 and a quick ratio of 1.20.  Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, October 16th. The Internet television network reported $0.29 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by ($0.03). Netflix had a net margin of 4.04% and a return on equity of 14.56%. The company had revenue of $2.99 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.97 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.12 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 30.3% on a year-over-year basis.  equities analysts anticipate that  Netflix, Inc. will post 1.28 earnings per share for the current year.  ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first  reported by Dispatch Tribunal and is owned by of Dispatch Tribunal. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/11/12/insider-selling-netflix-inc-nflx-ceo-sells-16066154-65-in-stock.html.  A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on the company. B. Riley  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Netflix in a report on Wednesday, November 1st. Loop Capital  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $237.00 price target on shares of Netflix in a report on Thursday, October 26th. Needham & Company LLC  reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Netflix in a report on Thursday, October 19th. Vetr raised Netflix from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $210.19 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, October 19th. Finally, Wedbush  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $190.00 price target (up previously from $180.00) on shares of Netflix in a report on Wednesday, October 18th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating and thirty-three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $207.20. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in NFLX. Almanack Investment Partners LLC. purchased a new stake in shares of  Netflix during the 2nd quarter valued at $101,000.  TD Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Netflix during the 2nd quarter valued at $105,000.  Harfst & Associates Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Netflix during the 1st quarter valued at $109,000.  Aviance Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Netflix during the 2nd quarter valued at $137,000.  Finally, Captrust Financial Advisors acquired a new position in shares of  Netflix during the 2nd quarter valued at $139,000. 80.68% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.  About Netflix Netflix, Inc is a provider an Internet television network. The Company operates through three segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. The Domestic streaming segment includes services that streams content to its members in the United States. The International streaming segment includes services that streams content to its members outside the United States.   Receive News & Ratings for Netflix Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Netflix Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/13/netflixs-nflx-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-loop-capital.html


					Posted by Jennifer Salazar on Nov 13th, 2017 // No Comments  Loop Capital reissued their buy rating on shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX)  in a research note issued to investors on Thursday, October 26th. Loop Capital currently has a $237.00 price objective on the Internet television network’s stock. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on NFLX. Piper Jaffray Companies  reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $215.00 price target on shares of Netflix in a report on Monday, September 18th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued an outperform rating and issued a $210.00 target price on shares of Netflix in a report on Friday, October 6th. Vetr raised Netflix from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $165.75 target price for the company in a report on Thursday, August 10th. MKM Partners  reissued a buy rating and issued a $195.00 target price on shares of Netflix in a report on Monday, July 10th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co  reissued a buy rating on shares of Netflix in a report on Wednesday, August 9th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating and thirty-three have assigned  a buy rating to the company. Netflix  has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $207.20. Shares of Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) opened at $192.02 on Thursday. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.47, a quick ratio of 1.20 and a current ratio of 1.20. The stock has a market capitalization of $83,093.03, a price-to-earnings ratio of 193.96, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 5.64 and a beta of 1.39. Netflix has a one year low of $110.68 and a one year high of $204.38.  Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, October 16th. The Internet television network reported $0.29 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.32 by ($0.03). Netflix had a net margin of 4.04% and a return on equity of 14.56%. The firm had revenue of $2.99 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.97 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.12 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 30.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  equities analysts expect that  Netflix will post 1.28 EPS for the current year.  In other Netflix news, Director Ann Mather sold 3,885 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $200.00, for a total transaction of $777,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 1,015 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $203,000. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Reed Hastings sold 93,380 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, August 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $166.07, for a total transaction of $15,507,616.60. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 93,380 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $15,507,616.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 342,372 shares of company stock valued at $63,255,427. 4.90% of the stock is owned by company insiders.  Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the business. Almanack Investment Partners LLC. acquired a new position in  Netflix during the 2nd quarter worth $101,000.  TD Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in  Netflix during the 2nd quarter worth $105,000.  Harfst & Associates Inc. acquired a new position in  Netflix during the 1st quarter worth $109,000.  Aviance Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in  Netflix during the 2nd quarter worth $137,000.  Finally, Captrust Financial Advisors acquired a new position in  Netflix during the 2nd quarter worth $139,000. 80.43% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.  Netflix Company Profile Netflix, Inc is a provider an Internet television network. The Company operates through three segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. The Domestic streaming segment includes services that streams content to its members in the United States. The International streaming segment includes services that streams content to its members outside the United States.   Receive News & Ratings for Netflix Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Netflix Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/13/loop-capital-reiterates-buy-rating-for-netflix-inc-nflx.html


					Posted by Toi Williams on Nov 13th, 2017 // No Comments  Loop Capital reiterated their buy rating on shares of Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX)  in a report released on Thursday, October 26th. They currently have a $237.00 price objective on the Internet television network’s stock. NFLX has been the topic of several other reports. Raymond James Financial, Inc.  reiterated an outperform rating and issued a $205.00 price objective (up from $165.00) on shares of Netflix in a research note on Tuesday, July 18th. Stifel Nicolaus raised their price target on Netflix from $200.00 to $230.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, October 12th. J P Morgan Chase & Co  restated an overweight rating and issued a $225.00 price target (up from $210.00) on shares of Netflix in a research note on Friday, October 13th. Vetr upgraded Netflix from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $210.19 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, October 19th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald  reaffirmed an overweight rating and set a $190.00 price objective on shares of Netflix in a report on Thursday, July 13th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned  a hold rating and thirty-three have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $207.20. Netflix (NASDAQ NFLX) opened at $192.02 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of $83,093.03, a PE ratio of 193.96, a P/E/G ratio of 5.64 and a beta of 1.39. Netflix has a fifty-two week low of $110.68 and a fifty-two week high of $204.38. The company has a quick ratio of 1.20, a current ratio of 1.20 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.47.  Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) last announced its earnings results on Monday, October 16th. The Internet television network reported $0.29 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.32 by ($0.03). The firm had revenue of $2.99 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.97 billion. Netflix had a net margin of 4.04% and a return on equity of 14.56%. Netflix’s revenue was up 30.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.12 EPS.  analysts forecast that  Netflix will post 1.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Loop Capital” was  published by TrueBlueTribune and is the property of of TrueBlueTribune. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/13/loop-capital-reiterates-buy-rating-for-netflix-inc-nflx.html.  In other news, Director Richard N. Barton sold 2,000 shares of Netflix stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, August 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $165.72, for a total transaction of $331,440.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 8,012 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,327,748.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Reed Hastings sold 93,380 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, August 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $166.07, for a total transaction of $15,507,616.60. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 93,380 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $15,507,616.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 342,372 shares of company stock valued at $63,255,427 over the last three months. 4.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders.  A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of NFLX. OppenheimerFunds Inc. grew its holdings in  Netflix by 1.6% during the first quarter. OppenheimerFunds Inc. now owns 7,528 shares of the Internet television network’s stock valued at $1,113,000 after purchasing an additional 117 shares during the period.  Vanguard Group Inc. lifted its stake in  Netflix by 3.5% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 27,161,082 shares of the Internet television network’s stock valued at $4,014,680,000 after buying an additional 921,283 shares in the last quarter.  Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. lifted its stake in  Netflix by 17.4% in the first quarter. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. now owns 37,051 shares of the Internet television network’s stock valued at $5,477,000 after buying an additional 5,497 shares in the last quarter.  Bluestein R H & Co. lifted its stake in  Netflix by 4.0% in the first quarter. Bluestein R H & Co. now owns 197,557 shares of the Internet television network’s stock valued at $29,201,000 after buying an additional 7,598 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC lifted its stake in  Netflix by 9.2% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 4,095,831 shares of the Internet television network’s stock valued at $604,521,000 after buying an additional 344,594 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  80.43% of the company’s stock.  Netflix Company Profile Netflix, Inc is a provider an Internet television network. The Company operates through three segments: Domestic streaming, International streaming and Domestic DVD. The Domestic streaming segment includes services that streams content to its members in the United States. The International streaming segment includes services that streams content to its members outside the United States.   Receive News & Ratings for Netflix Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Netflix Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://finnewsweek.com/a-deeper-look-into-the-charts-for-netflix-inc-nflx/510935/

Netflix Inc (NFLX) touched 192.02 on a recent bid indicating that the Tenkan line is still hovering below the Kijun Sen.  This represents bearish momentum for the shares. Whether or not the shares are ready to break further to the downside is yet to be seen.  
The Tenkan Sen / Kijun Sen Cross signal occurs when the Tenkan Sen (Turning line) crosses the Kijun Sen (Standard line). A bearish signal occurs when the Tenkan Sen crosses from above to below the Kijun Sen. The Ichimoku Kinko Hyo system includes five kinds of signal, of which this site highlights the most recent of each for each ticker.
The Ichimoku signals, including all Ichimoku elements, should never be taken in isolation, but considered in the context of the overall chart. Ichimoku Kinko Hyo is a visual technical analysis system and the charts are designed to be considered in their entirety, with regard given to the relationships between all of the elements, including the price. As such, Ichimoku is not suitable for automated or “single event” decision making.
Active traders have a wide range of additional technical indicators at their disposal for when completing technical stock analysis. Currently, the 14-day ATR for Netflix Inc (NFLX) is spotted at 4.26. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may assist traders in determining if there is heightened interest in a trend, or if extreme levels may be signaling a reversal. Simply put, the ATR determines the volatility of a security over a given period of time, or the tendency of the security to move one direction or another.
Checking in on some other technical levels, the 14-day RSI is currently at 45.90, the 7-day stands at 32.67, and the 3-day is sitting at 12.22. The RSI, or Relative Strength Index, is a commonly used technical momentum indicator that compares price movement over time. The RSI was created by J. Welles Wilder who was striving to measure whether or not a stock was overbought or oversold. The RSI may be useful for spotting abnormal price activity and volatility. The RSI oscillates on a scale from 0 to 100. The normal reading of a stock will fall in the range of 30 to 70. A reading over 70 would indicate that the stock is overbought, and possibly overvalued. A reading under 30 may indicate that the stock is oversold, and possibly undervalued.
Another technical indicator that may be a powerful resource for determining trend strength is the Average Directional Index or ADX. The ADX was introduced by J. Welles Wilder in the late 1970’s and it has stood the test of time. The ADX is typically used in conjunction with the Plus Directional Indicator (+DI) and Minus Directional Indicator (-DI) to help spot trend direction as well as trend strength. At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Netflix Inc (NFLX) is noted at 18.85. Many technical analysts believe that an ADX value over 25 would suggest a strong trend. A reading under 20 would indicate no trend, and a reading from 20-25 would suggest that there is no clear trend signal.
The Williams Percent Range or Williams %R is another technical indicator worth taking a look at. Netflix Inc (NFLX) currently has a 14 day Williams %R of -80.59. The Williams %R fluctuates between 0 and -100 measuring whether a security is overbought or oversold. The Williams %R is similar to the Stochastic Oscillator except it is plotted upside-down. Levels above -20 may indicate the stock may be considered is overbought. If the indicator travels under -80, this may signal that the stock is oversold. Chart analysts may also use the indicator to project possible price reversals and to define trends.
Netflix Inc (NFLX) currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of -171.40. Active investors may choose to use this technical indicator as a stock evaluation tool. Used as a coincident indicator, the CCI reading above +100 would reflect strong price action which may signal an uptrend. On the flip side, a reading below -100 may signal a downtrend reflecting weak price action. Using the CCI as a leading indicator, technical analysts may use a +100 reading as an overbought signal and a -100 reading as an oversold indicator, suggesting a trend reversal.
One of the most famous sayings in the stock market is “buy low, sell high”. This may seem like an oversimplified statement, but there are many novice investors who often do the complete opposite. Many investors may be looking too closely at stocks that have been on the rise, and they might not be checking on the underlying fundamental data. They may be hoping to ride the wave higher, but may end up shaking their heads. On the flip side, many investors may hold onto stocks for far too long after they have slipped drastically. Waiting for a bounce that may never come can cause frustration and plenty of second guessing. Successful investors are typically able to locate stocks that are undervalued at a certain price. This may take a lot of practice and dedication, but it may do wonders for the health of the portfolio.




Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.













LoadPopupRatings('MBAP-Popup-MBAP-Popup-finnewsweek', 'NASDAQ:NFLX', 'Netflix Inc', 'http://davidsonregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/davidon.png');

 Netflix Inc (NFLX) touched 192.02 on a recent bid indicating that the Tenkan line is still hovering below the Kijun Sen.  This represents bearish momentum for the shares. Whether or not the shares are ready to break further to the downside is yet to be seen.   The Tenkan Sen / Kijun Sen Cross signal occurs when the Tenkan Sen (Turning line) crosses the Kijun Sen (Standard line). A bearish signal occurs when the Tenkan Sen crosses from above to below the Kijun Sen. The Ichimoku Kinko Hyo system includes five kinds of signal, of which this site highlights the most recent of each for each ticker. The Ichimoku signals, including all Ichimoku elements, should never be taken in isolation, but considered in the context of the overall chart. Ichimoku Kinko Hyo is a visual technical analysis system and the charts are designed to be considered in their entirety, with regard given to the relationships between all of the elements, including the price. As such, Ichimoku is not suitable for automated or “single event” decision making. Active traders have a wide range of additional technical indicators at their disposal for when completing technical stock analysis. Currently, the 14-day ATR for Netflix Inc (NFLX) is spotted at 4.26. First developed by J. Welles Wilder, the ATR may assist traders in determining if there is heightened interest in a trend, or if extreme levels may be signaling a reversal. Simply put, the ATR determines the volatility of a security over a given period of time, or the tendency of the security to move one direction or another. Checking in on some other technical levels, the 14-day RSI is currently at 45.90, the 7-day stands at 32.67, and the 3-day is sitting at 12.22. The RSI, or Relative Strength Index, is a commonly used technical momentum indicator that compares price movement over time. The RSI was created by J. Welles Wilder who was striving to measure whether or not a stock was overbought or oversold. The RSI may be useful for spotting abnormal price activity and volatility. The RSI oscillates on a scale from 0 to 100. The normal reading of a stock will fall in the range of 30 to 70. A reading over 70 would indicate that the stock is overbought, and possibly overvalued. A reading under 30 may indicate that the stock is oversold, and possibly undervalued. Another technical indicator that may be a powerful resource for determining trend strength is the Average Directional Index or ADX. The ADX was introduced by J. Welles Wilder in the late 1970’s and it has stood the test of time. The ADX is typically used in conjunction with the Plus Directional Indicator (+DI) and Minus Directional Indicator (-DI) to help spot trend direction as well as trend strength. At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Netflix Inc (NFLX) is noted at 18.85. Many technical analysts believe that an ADX value over 25 would suggest a strong trend. A reading under 20 would indicate no trend, and a reading from 20-25 would suggest that there is no clear trend signal. The Williams Percent Range or Williams %R is another technical indicator worth taking a look at. Netflix Inc (NFLX) currently has a 14 day Williams %R of -80.59. The Williams %R fluctuates between 0 and -100 measuring whether a security is overbought or oversold. The Williams %R is similar to the Stochastic Oscillator except it is plotted upside-down. Levels above -20 may indicate the stock may be considered is overbought. If the indicator travels under -80, this may signal that the stock is oversold. Chart analysts may also use the indicator to project possible price reversals and to define trends. Netflix Inc (NFLX) currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of -171.40. Active investors may choose to use this technical indicator as a stock evaluation tool. Used as a coincident indicator, the CCI reading above +100 would reflect strong price action which may signal an uptrend. On the flip side, a reading below -100 may signal a downtrend reflecting weak price action. Using the CCI as a leading indicator, technical analysts may use a +100 reading as an overbought signal and a -100 reading as an oversold indicator, suggesting a trend reversal. One of the most famous sayings in the stock market is “buy low, sell high”. This may seem like an oversimplified statement, but there are many novice investors who often do the complete opposite. Many investors may be looking too closely at stocks that have been on the rise, and they might not be checking on the underlying fundamental data. They may be hoping to ride the wave higher, but may end up shaking their heads. On the flip side, many investors may hold onto stocks for far too long after they have slipped drastically. Waiting for a bounce that may never come can cause frustration and plenty of second guessing. Successful investors are typically able to locate stocks that are undervalued at a certain price. This may take a lot of practice and dedication, but it may do wonders for the health of the portfolio.  Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.         

 

https://stocknews.com/news/nflx-why-netflix-inc-nflx-might-get-into-a-pricing-war/

NFLX – Disney just said it would price its streaming service much lower than Netflix. Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) will lose its rights to stream Disney-owned content at the end of next year, but that might be a minor worry considering this week’s development. As Polygon reports, Disney CEO Bob Iger disclosed this week that Disney’s upcoming streaming service will be price “substantially lower” than Netflix: Iger spoke at length about the streaming service, which still doesn’t have an official name, during an investor’s call. Few details were revealed — save for an announcement that four live-action series based on Disney properties (Star Wars, High School Musical, Monsters, Inc. and Marvel) are in development and will be exclusive to the streaming platform. Iger did take a few minutes to speak out pricing and content on the network, which is expected to launch in 2019. “We’ve given a lot of thought to pricing,” Iger said. “I can’t get specific with you yet, because we haven’t determined it yet. It will be substantially below Netflix because we’ll have substantially less volume.” Netflix currently offers three different subscription tiers to U.S. subscribers: a basic plan for $7.99 a month, a premium plan at $10.99, and an ultra premium plan for $13.99. Those latter two plans just received price bumps of $1 and $2, respectively. Whether Netflix can get away with those prices when Disney enters the market is another question. Disney says its service will include 500 plans from its popular library — including Star Wars and Marvel movies — and about 7,000 episodes of Disney TV. That pales in comparison to Netflix’s library, but depending on how much lower Disney prices its service, it could well put considerable pricing pressure on NFLX to offer more value to users. Netflix, Inc. shares fell $1.10 (-0.57%) in premarket trading Friday. Year-to-date, NFLX has gained 56.62%, versus a 17.14% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. NFLX currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of B (Buy), and is ranked #11 of 50 stocks in the Internet category. 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Management%2BComments/Disneys%2B%2528DIS%2529%2BIger%2BSays%2BStreaming%2BService%2Bto%2Bbe%2BPriced%2BWell%2BBelow%2BNetflix%2B%2528NFLX%2529%2B-%2BBloomberg%252C%2BCiting%2BComments%2Bon%2BCall/13490549.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nflx-stock-bump-hits/

It’s safe to say that FANG killed it this quarter. All four of the tech giants reported blowout earnings. Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) breezed by expectations thanks to robust ad growth. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) also crushed expectations. Same with Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX). Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG,NASDAQ:GOOGL) posted perhaps its best quarter of the year. And NFLX stock only has room to grow. Clearly, the trend of the technology space consolidating around 4 major players remains in tact. Facebook owns social media. Amazon owns ecommerce (and cloud). Netflix owns streaming video on demand. Alphabet owns search. But NFLX stock actually slipped from $200-plus all-time highs to just over $190 in the week following its blowout earnings report. I said buy the dip. The sell-off was just a breather in a very strong secular growth narrative. Now, NFLX stock trades back around $200-plus all-time highs. NFLX stock should continue to trend higher, pushed by a huge near-term catalyst which strengthens the long-term growth narrative. Consequently, I think now is a really good time to own NFLX stock. When it comes to NFLX stock, follow the content. Hugely successful original content launches lead to better-than-expected sub growth. Better-than-expected sub growth leads to a higher NFLX stock price. From this standpoint, right now is the perfect time to buy NFLX stock. Why? Stranger Things. Stranger Things is perhaps the best thing that has ever happened to Netflix. NFLX stock wasn’t the superstar it is today back in early 2016. The company was having a difficult time proving its original content growth strategy as sub growth kept coming in below expectations. NFLX stock traded as low as $85 in 2016 versus a high of $130 near the end of 2015. But that all changed in the summer of 2016 when Stranger Things launched. It was a huge hit. Everyone and their best friend watched the sci-fi series. Investors finally bought into the original content growth strategy as Stranger Things powered far better-than-expected sub growth in the Oct. 2016 earnings report. NFLX stock hasn’t looked back since then. Naturally, then, Stranger Things 2 is a big thing for NFLX shareholders to pay attention to. Right now, the read is exceptionally bullish. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nflx-stock-bump-hits/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/facebook-head-over-200/

FANG killed it this quarter. Social media leader Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) smashed analyst estimates thanks to FB stock’s robust ad revenue growth on top of healthy margin expansion. Retail leader Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) also smashed expectations due to continued strength in the e-commerce business as well as continued dominance in the cloud space. Meanwhile, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) reported really strong subscriber growth numbers which easily breezed past analyst expectations. Alphabet Inc (NADSAQ:GOOG,NASDAQ:GOOGL) bounced back from a European Commission fine-plagued second quarter to report perhaps its best earnings of the year. But not all stocks are treated equally. AMZN stock and GOOG stock rallied big after their reports, while FB stock and NFLX stock dropped. The NFLX drop makes sense. NFLX stock had rallied big into the report. It became a classic “sell the news” event. NFLX stock was depressed for a few days, but then it bounced back. The FB stock price drop makes less sense. FB stock had not rallied big into the report. It wasn’t a classic “sell the news” event. Instead, investors got jittery about increased security spend adversely affecting profitability in the future. Those jitters are overdone, and the selloff is unnecessarily short-sighted. And the FB stock price is headed for $200 soon. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg emphasized safety and security over profitability on the company’s most recent earnings call. With his company finding itself on Capitol Hill and on the wrong side of headlines regarding fake news, this emphasis was a smart move. But Zuckerberg and fellow senior management at Facebook went further than just emphasizing safety and security. They actually said expenses would rise a lot more next year than initially anticipated due to increased investment in safety and security. That was a brilliant move. Investors didn’t appreciate it (FB stock sold off because it implies a less rosy margin growth outlook going forward), but the move sets a gold standard for transparency in the digital advertising world, evades a government crackdown (and potentially billion-dollar fines), and will inevitably attract more advertisers to the platform. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/facebook-head-over-200/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/netflix-nflx-shares-a-buy-on-sales-growth/

Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) is a $86.3 billion in market value component of the Internet & Direct Marketing Retail GICS industry group where Portfolio Grader's current ranking for NFLX puts it 4 among the 31 companies in this industry group, placing it among the leaders. NFLX is ranked among the sector leaders with a ranking of 53 among the 568 companies in the sector and number 492 in the 5000 company Portfolio Grader company universe. NFLX has a current recommendation of Buy using Louis Navellier's Portfolio Grader stock evaluator, which incorporates his investing methodology. The shares have been downgraded from a Strong Buy to a Buy in the last week. Portfolio Grader currently ranks the Consumer Discretionary sector number 11 among the 12 sectors in its universe putting it in the bottom quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Internet & Direct Marketing Retail industry group is ranked 52 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it well below-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. NFLX has achieved above-average scores in 5 of the 8 fundamental metrics used by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average grades in 3 of the areas used in the ranking of company stocks. NFLX's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are well above average.  Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with a ranking for earnings revisions that is much better than the industry average but rankings for earnings surprises and earnings momentum worse than average. NFLX's metric for return on equity is noticeably better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average.  Netflix's fundamental scores give NFLX a place in the top quartile of the industry group.  Portfolio Grader quantitatively views NFLX's shares using the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score. This metric looks at NFLX's shares from the viewpoint of risk/reward. This unique scoring methodology assesses the relative value of NFLX's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Using this risk/reward calculation, the company currently scores well above-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/netflix-nflx-shares-a-buy-on-sales-growth/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

