http://www.nasdaq.com/article/heres-why-this-is-the-right-time-to-buy-nvidia-nvda-stock-cm876138

 A successful investor understands the importance of adding well-performing stocks to the portfolio at the right time. NVIDIA CorporationNVDA is one such technology stock that has been on a healthy growth trajectory of late. Shares of this California-based graphic chip behemoth have rallied nearly 5% since its reported solid third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. Moreover, the stock has been clocking solid returns in the last year and has soared 158.4%, outperforming the  industry 's gain of 60.3% over the same period.  The stock has an estimated long-term earnings growth rate of 11.2%. With solid prospects, this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock is an attractive pick at the moment. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Stellar Performance in Q3 NVIDIA posted earnings of $1.33 per share on non-GAAP basis, up nearly 60.2% year over year. Non-GAAP earnings also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. The year-over-year rise in the bottom line mainly stemmed from significant revenue growth along with gross margin and operating margin expansion. Revenues surged 31.5% year over year to $2.636 billion.  The figure also comfortably surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.364 billion as well as management's projection of $2.35 billion (+/-2%). The year-over-year jump is primarily attributable to growth across all the platforms - the GPUs gaming platform, Professional Visualization, datacenter and Tegra automotive platforms. Further, NVIDIA continued to gain strength in the artificial intelligence (AI) space, which positively impacted the quarter's revenues. Raised Guidance For fourth-quarter fiscal 2018, NVIDIA expects revenues of approximately $2.65 billion (+/-2%), which is much higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.44 billion. For fiscal 2018, the company continues to expect returning $1.25 billion to its shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases. Estimates Northbound Estimates for NVIDIA have moved up in the past seven days, reflecting the optimistic outlook of analysts. Earnings estimates for the current quarter have jumped 5.1% while that of next quarter moved up 3.5%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues is $2.44 billion for current quarter, displaying 12.3% year-over-year growth. Revenues for fiscal 2018 are estimated to be $8.99 billion, reflecting 30% annual growth. For the current quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at $1.03, depicting year-over-year growth of 3.5% while that for fiscal 2018 of $3.66 displays a rise of 42.6%. Positive Earnings Surprise History NVIDIA has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, delivering a positive average earnings surprise of 33.5%. Growth Drivers The company's sustained focus on introducing fast and innovative products as well as agreements with leading PC game makers have been driving its Gaming GPU business. During the quarter, NVIDIA announced the launch of the new high end graphic card, GeForce GTX 1070 1070 Ti. Available from Nov 2, the card was released to take down AMD's $400 Radeon Vega 56. We believe this will take the gaming experience to a new level. Hence, the launch of this product will enable NVIDIA to increase its customer base and help in garnering additional revenues. NVIDIA also collaborated with Square Enix to unveil Final Fantasy XV Windows Edition for PC in Gamescom 2017, which is aimed at bringing an enhanced gaming experience to PCs. This deal is a positive for NVIDIA, as it will help the company gain market share among gaming content developers.  Moreover, it joined forces with Activision to bring Destiny 2 online game to the PC for the first time. The company's Volta-based V100 accelerator was the most notable launch of late. The Volta V100 GPU provides 10 times more deep learning power to the company's year-old predecessor, Pascal generation GPUs. Recently, Alibaba, Baidu BIDU and Tencent announced that they are adopting NVIDIA Volta GPUs in their datacenters and cloud server, joining Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet's GOOGL Google and Microsoft MSFT . Demand for NVIDIA's HGX AI supercomputer also remained high as more organizations are keen on building AI-enabled applications. The company stated that Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo will be using its Volta HGX architecture to build AI systems for datacenters. During the quarter, NVIDIA launched TensorRT programmable inference acceleration platform, thereby improving the performance and reducing the cost of AI inferencing. Notably, more than 1,200 companies are already using this inference platform, including Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Alibaba, Baidu, Hi Vision and Tencent. The company also unveiled a new AI supercomputer chip designed for self-driving cars called Pegasus at its GPU Technology Conference in Europe. This new technology helps to drive fully autonomous robotaxis which can handle the concept of Level 5 self-driving vehicles and uses NVIDIA's DRIVE PX 2 platform, trained on deep neural networks. Per the company, the new system is capable of delivering 320 trillion operations per second of performance, which is more than 10 times compared with its predecessor. To Conclude We expect these factors to help the company sustain strong momentum and stay afloat amid difficult times. Consequently, we suggest that investors buy the stock for the time being. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars? Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >> 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/heres-why-this-is-the-right-time-to-buy-nvidia-nvda-stock-cm876138

 A successful investor understands the importance of adding well-performing stocks to the portfolio at the right time. NVIDIA CorporationNVDA is one such technology stock that has been on a healthy growth trajectory of late. Shares of this California-based graphic chip behemoth have rallied nearly 5% since its reported solid third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. Moreover, the stock has been clocking solid returns in the last year and has soared 158.4%, outperforming the  industry 's gain of 60.3% over the same period.  The stock has an estimated long-term earnings growth rate of 11.2%. With solid prospects, this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock is an attractive pick at the moment. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Stellar Performance in Q3 NVIDIA posted earnings of $1.33 per share on non-GAAP basis, up nearly 60.2% year over year. Non-GAAP earnings also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. The year-over-year rise in the bottom line mainly stemmed from significant revenue growth along with gross margin and operating margin expansion. Revenues surged 31.5% year over year to $2.636 billion.  The figure also comfortably surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.364 billion as well as management's projection of $2.35 billion (+/-2%). The year-over-year jump is primarily attributable to growth across all the platforms - the GPUs gaming platform, Professional Visualization, datacenter and Tegra automotive platforms. Further, NVIDIA continued to gain strength in the artificial intelligence (AI) space, which positively impacted the quarter's revenues. Raised Guidance For fourth-quarter fiscal 2018, NVIDIA expects revenues of approximately $2.65 billion (+/-2%), which is much higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.44 billion. For fiscal 2018, the company continues to expect returning $1.25 billion to its shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases. Estimates Northbound Estimates for NVIDIA have moved up in the past seven days, reflecting the optimistic outlook of analysts. Earnings estimates for the current quarter have jumped 5.1% while that of next quarter moved up 3.5%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues is $2.44 billion for current quarter, displaying 12.3% year-over-year growth. Revenues for fiscal 2018 are estimated to be $8.99 billion, reflecting 30% annual growth. For the current quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at $1.03, depicting year-over-year growth of 3.5% while that for fiscal 2018 of $3.66 displays a rise of 42.6%. Positive Earnings Surprise History NVIDIA has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, delivering a positive average earnings surprise of 33.5%. Growth Drivers The company's sustained focus on introducing fast and innovative products as well as agreements with leading PC game makers have been driving its Gaming GPU business. During the quarter, NVIDIA announced the launch of the new high end graphic card, GeForce GTX 1070 1070 Ti. Available from Nov 2, the card was released to take down AMD's $400 Radeon Vega 56. We believe this will take the gaming experience to a new level. Hence, the launch of this product will enable NVIDIA to increase its customer base and help in garnering additional revenues. NVIDIA also collaborated with Square Enix to unveil Final Fantasy XV Windows Edition for PC in Gamescom 2017, which is aimed at bringing an enhanced gaming experience to PCs. This deal is a positive for NVIDIA, as it will help the company gain market share among gaming content developers.  Moreover, it joined forces with Activision to bring Destiny 2 online game to the PC for the first time. The company's Volta-based V100 accelerator was the most notable launch of late. The Volta V100 GPU provides 10 times more deep learning power to the company's year-old predecessor, Pascal generation GPUs. Recently, Alibaba, Baidu BIDU and Tencent announced that they are adopting NVIDIA Volta GPUs in their datacenters and cloud server, joining Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet's GOOGL Google and Microsoft MSFT . Demand for NVIDIA's HGX AI supercomputer also remained high as more organizations are keen on building AI-enabled applications. The company stated that Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo will be using its Volta HGX architecture to build AI systems for datacenters. During the quarter, NVIDIA launched TensorRT programmable inference acceleration platform, thereby improving the performance and reducing the cost of AI inferencing. Notably, more than 1,200 companies are already using this inference platform, including Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Alibaba, Baidu, Hi Vision and Tencent. The company also unveiled a new AI supercomputer chip designed for self-driving cars called Pegasus at its GPU Technology Conference in Europe. This new technology helps to drive fully autonomous robotaxis which can handle the concept of Level 5 self-driving vehicles and uses NVIDIA's DRIVE PX 2 platform, trained on deep neural networks. Per the company, the new system is capable of delivering 320 trillion operations per second of performance, which is more than 10 times compared with its predecessor. To Conclude We expect these factors to help the company sustain strong momentum and stay afloat amid difficult times. Consequently, we suggest that investors buy the stock for the time being. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars? Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >> 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/BMO%2BCapital%2BUpgrades%2BNVIDIA%2B%2528NVDA%2529%2Bto%2BMarket%2BPerform%252C%2BOur%2BUnderperform%2BCall%2BDid%2BNot%2BWork%2BOut/13493239.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/surprise-coming-nvidia-nvda-earnings-134001006.html

Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and NVIDIA Corporation NVDA may be one such company. The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for their report. That is because NVIDIA is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity as of late, which is generally a precursor to an earnings beat. After all, analysts raising estimates right before earnings — with the most up-to-date information possible — is a pretty good indicator of some favorable trends underneath the surface for NVDA in this report. In fact, the Most Accurate Estimate for the current quarter is currently at 95 cents per share for NVDA, compared to a broader Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. This suggests that analysts have very recently bumped up their estimates for NVDA, giving the stock a Zacks Earnings ESP of +0.71% heading into earnings season. NVIDIA Corporation Price and EPS Surprise   NVIDIA Corporation Price and EPS Surprise | NVIDIA Corporation Quote Why is this Important? A positive reading for the Zacks Earnings ESP has proven to be very powerful in producing both positive surprises, and outperforming the market. Our recent 10-year backtest shows that stocks that have a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better show a positive surprise nearly 70% of the time, and have returned over 28% on average in annual returns (see more Top Earnings ESP stocks here). Given that NVDA has a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and an ESP in positive territory, investors might want to consider this stock ahead of earnings. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Clearly, recent earnings estimate revisions suggest that good things are ahead for NVIDIA, and that a beat might be in the cards for the upcoming report. Wall Street’s Next Amazon  Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It’s a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius. Click for details >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

https://www.kiplinger.com/article/investing/T058-C008-S001-red-hot-nvidia-must-post-pristine-earnings-nvda.html

Nvidia’s stock has rallied for years on AI and cloud computing, but Thursday’s Q3 earnings report is an important test. 
Getty Images
 



By Dan Burrows, Contributing Writer
            

November 8, 2017       
Investors expect big things from Nvidia Corporation (NVDA, $212.03) when the graphics chipmaker reports third-quarter results after Thursday’s closing bell. And considering Nvidia’s stock has more than tripled over the past year, it had better not disappoint. Investors expect big things from Nvidia Corporation (NVDA, $212.03) when the graphics chipmaker reports third-quarter results after Thursday’s closing bell. And considering Nvidia’s stock has more than tripled over the past year, it had better not disappoint. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/nvidia-nvda-3rd-quarter-earnings-what-to-expect-cm874707

Nvidia (NVDA) is scheduled to report third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings results after Thursday’s closing bell. For the three months that ended October, Wall Street expects the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company to earn 94 cents per share, up 13% year-over-year, on revenue of $2.36 billion, up 18% year over year. This compares to the year-ago quarter when earnings were 83 cents per share on revenue of $2.00 billion. For the full year, ending in December, earnings of $3.63 per share would rise about 41%, while full-year revenue of $8.97 billion would rise 30% year over year. With its shares skyrocketing almost 100% year-to-date and well-perched above $200 per share, the semiconductor giant has high expectations to live up to and its own big shoes to fill. But thanks to successes in high-growth markets like artificial intelligence (AI), where Nvidia chips are at the center of autonomous driving technology, the company has posted breathtaking top- and bottom-line growth results, which has crushed Wall Street's estimates the past two years. In the second quarter, Nvidia made a case for why it belongs in the FANG category by crushing Q2 profit estimates by 31 cents as earnings per share grew by a whopping 124% year over year. Just as impressive, revenue growth surged 56% to $2.23 billion, topping the consensus estimates of $1.96 billion, driven by a 52% rise in gaming revenue. The company is also showing more balance and diversification as the datacenter business — the company’s second-largest target market platform by revenue — surged 175%. Will there be any slowdown this quarter? Obviously, triple-digit revenue growth can’t go on forever. But will any growth deceleration be enough to incite investors fear? Earlier this week, Craig Ellis analyst at B. Riley FBR reiterated his Buy rating on Nvidia stock and raised his 12-month price target to $250 from $200, suggesting 20% rise from current levels. This upgrade followed a similar bullish assessment from Jefferies semiconductor analyst Mark Lipacis, who last month reiterated a Buy rating on the stock and upped his 12-month price target from $180 to $230. Lipacis cited Nvidia’s AI chip, which he described as a key catalyst for “upside surprises over the next 18-24 months.” Elsewhere the strength of cryptocurrencies and the crypto-mining crave it has created. To which Mizuho analyst Vijay Rakesh last month argued that NVDA shares will continue to benefit from “strong underlying trends in cryptocurrency and gaming,” which he notes are ahead of the company’s expectations. “We believe NVDA continues to see strong GPU [graphics processing unit] trends in cryptocurrency and gaming. GPU pricing remains up post-launch (of its new graphics chip) given shortage and strong demand,” Rakesh wrote in a note to investors. All told, you would be hard-pressed to find a stronger-executing company today than Nvidia, which despite increased competitive pressures from Intel (INTC) and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), the company is seemingly operating on all cylinders. While these shares are screaming bargains today, I’m not holding my breath waiting for them to become cheap — not with such strong winds in Nvidia’s sails.    
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nvidia-corporation-nvda/

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) unveiled its latest quarterly earnings results after the bell Thursday. The company posted profit of $1.33 per share, which handily topped Wall Street’s consensus estimate of 95 cents per share, according to data compiled by FactSet. Revenue came in at $2.64 billion, topping analysts’ expectations of $2.37 billion and growing 32% year-over-year. On the gaming front, Nvidia saw revenue pop 25% year-over-year to $1.56 billion, making up more than half of the company’s total revenue. Data center chips rose considerably, increasing 109% to $500 million. The company’s revenue was also aided by its data center business, which saw its revenue skyrocket 175% year-over-year. There was a higher demand from large-scale customers working on artificial intelligence, according to Nvidia. The demand for the company’s graphics chips linked to cryptocurrencies also soared as the price for bitcoin and ethereum have continued to gain traction. Nvidia also said it will increase its dividend from 14 cents to 15 cents per share. The company had been leasing the land for its new headquarters in Santa Clara, California, and it announced that it was now buying the land for about $350 million. Its previous headquarters were in Wachovia. “We had a great quarter across all of our growth drivers,” said CEO Jensen Huang in a statement during the company’s press release. “Industries across the world are accelerating their adoption of AI,” he added at the earnings call. NVDA stock surged 2.6% after the bell Thursday. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nvidia-corporation-nvda/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/11/10764626/what-wall-street-thinks-of-nvidias-huge-quarter

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA) can do no wrong in the eyes of the market, after its big Q3 earnings beat sent the stock higher by nearly 6 percent. But with Nvidia shares an incredible 1,000 percent in just three years, the debate rages on among analysts of just how much upside the stock has left. Here’s a look at what five analysts had to say about Nvidia following the report. Loop Capital analyst Betsy Van Hees said Nvidia’s quarter was “nothing but net” and that the company exceeded extremely lofty expectations. “We think the stock will continue to move higher as strong YoY earnings and revenue growth will be fueled by gaming and the ongoing diversification of the model to an end-to-end solutions provider of hardware and software for the rapidly growing data center and automotive end-markets,” Van Hees wrote. Citi analyst Atif Malik said Nvidia is primed for the coming artificial intelligence boom. “We continue to like NVDA’s value proposition as a single GPU architecture, end-to-end deep learning, and full stack software approach to solving artificial intelligence problems,” Malik wrote. Related Link: No One Compares To Intel In Global Semiconductor Market Share Loup Ventures analyst Gene Munster said Nvidia is at the epicenter of a seismic shift in technology. “Today, Nvidia’s bread and butter business is around data centers and gaming, but the company will evolve to become the hardware foundation beneath AI, autonomy, and cryptocurrencies,” Munster wrote. Canaccord Genuity analyst Matthew Ramsay said there’s very little to complain about from Nvidia’s quarter. “In fact, as applications of highly parallel GPU computing expand and developer tools and artificial intelligence algorithms mature, our positive thesis continues to play out with strong gaming GPU growth expected to continue in Q4/F'18 with the Pascal gaming and Volta datacenter (including Inference) ramps and we believe new trends including deep learning, virtual/augmented reality, and autonomous driving will catalyze new market growth longer term,” Ramsay wrote. Tigress Financial analyst Ivan Feinseth said the DRIVE PX autonomous vehicle computer is an exciting product for investors to watch. “I continue to believe Nvidia’s strong business momentum will continue, and the stock will trade higher,” Feinseth wrote. Oppenheimer analyst Rick Schafer said there’s no questioning Nvidia’s execution and AI opportunities. “We continue to marvel at NVDA's ~46% LTM revenue growth, but believe risk/reward remains balanced with shares trading over 40x our CY18E,” Schafer wrote. Bank of America analyst Vivek Arya said Nvidia now has a path to $10 in annual EPS in the long-term. “Our positive view on Nvidia is based on its underappreciated transformation from a traditional PC graphics chip vendor, into a supplier into high-end gaming, enterprise graphics, cloud, accelerated computing and automotive markets,” Arya wrote. Wells Fargo analyst David Wong said the stock has come too far too fast. “We think the company clearly has strong product offerings positioned in high-growth markets, but we believe this is already reflected in its stock valuation,” Wong wrote. KeyBanc analyst Michael McConnell said the stock’s valuation is the only concern at this point. “Strong GPU demand from the cryptocurrency mining market has rapidly depleted excess channel inventory and buoyed strong OEM sales, which offsets our prior concerns regarding gaming segment growth for the remainder of FY18,” McConnell wrote. BMO Capital Markets analyst Ambrish Srivastava said even the skeptics must give Nvidia credit at this point. “We believe the perfect storm in fundamentals that drove the rarely seen magnitude of earnings upside is ebbing,” Srivastava wrote. Even after another impressive quarter Wall Street is still mixed on where Nvidia stock is headed from here: 
View More Analyst Ratings for NVDA

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
 Posted-In: Bank of AmericaAnalyst Color Earnings News Price Target Top Stories Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/surprise-coming-nvidia-nvda-earnings-134001006.html

Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and NVIDIA Corporation NVDA may be one such company. The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for their report. That is because NVIDIA is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity as of late, which is generally a precursor to an earnings beat. After all, analysts raising estimates right before earnings — with the most up-to-date information possible — is a pretty good indicator of some favorable trends underneath the surface for NVDA in this report. In fact, the Most Accurate Estimate for the current quarter is currently at 95 cents per share for NVDA, compared to a broader Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. This suggests that analysts have very recently bumped up their estimates for NVDA, giving the stock a Zacks Earnings ESP of +0.71% heading into earnings season. NVIDIA Corporation Price and EPS Surprise   NVIDIA Corporation Price and EPS Surprise | NVIDIA Corporation Quote Why is this Important? A positive reading for the Zacks Earnings ESP has proven to be very powerful in producing both positive surprises, and outperforming the market. Our recent 10-year backtest shows that stocks that have a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better show a positive surprise nearly 70% of the time, and have returned over 28% on average in annual returns (see more Top Earnings ESP stocks here). Given that NVDA has a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and an ESP in positive territory, investors might want to consider this stock ahead of earnings. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Clearly, recent earnings estimate revisions suggest that good things are ahead for NVIDIA, and that a beat might be in the cards for the upcoming report. Wall Street’s Next Amazon  Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It’s a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius. Click for details >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jefferies-nvidia-apos-tectonic-upside-145500479.html

Ethan Miller / Getty Images    Nvidia reported earnings on Thursday that crushed Wall Street's estimates and the stock is trading at all-time highs following the results. Mark Lipacis, an analyst at Jefferies, says that shares have further to run. The company reported earnings of $1.33 per share on revenue of $2.64 billion, easily beating the $1.07 and $2.36 billion that Wall Street was anticipating. Nvidia also reported a beat in its gaming and data center businesses, in addition to a record quarter of sales for its automobile chips. Shares are up about 3.84% at $213.20 a piece.  "We've argued that Nvidia will be a marquee beneficiary of the 4th Tectonic Shift in Computing, where parallel processing architectures capture share from serial processing (x86) architectures in the computing market," Lipacis wrote in a note to clients titled "Tectonic Upside. "Gaming, DC, Auto and Crypto are all parallel applications, and their healthy growth this quarter supports our thesis." Compared to traditional central processing units that focus on one process at a time, the graphics processing units that Nvidia focuses on run a large number of calculations simultaneously which is called parallel processing. As the world starts to focus more on artificial intelligence, the parallel processing power of Nvidia's GPUs will become increasingly important to crunch through the massive amount of calculation required to train an AI system. Nvidia tackles AI on multiple fronts, providing extremely powerful GPUs for large-scale data centers like the ones  Google and Amazon are building, as well as smaller, purpose-built chips for the automotive industry that help power autonomous driving. Most of Nvidia's businesses will only get stronger as its chips get better, Lipacis said. Nvidia will see increasing demand for its chips as well as the now-nascent AI sector grows. After the earnings beat, Lipacis raised his price target from $230 to $240, which is about 13% higher than Nvidia's current price. Markets Insider NOW WATCH: THE BOTTOM LINE: Chipotle's earnings disaster, Amazon's new headquarters, and the unstoppable stock market See Also: SEE ALSO: Nvidia is rising after crushing earnings 

