https://www.adn.com/sports/uaa-athletics/2017/11/11/seawolves-win-hockey-shootout-against-alabama-huntsville/

 Jeremiah Luedtke and Olivier Mantha came through in a shootout for the UAA hockey team Saturday in Huntsville, Alabama.  The game will go down as a 3-3 tie in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association, but the Seawolves picked up two points in the standings by winning the shootout.  Luedtke buried UAA's first attempt in the sudden-death shootout and Mantha stopped Huntville's only effort. Both teams picked up one point for the tie, and the Seawolves grabbed an extra point for the shootout win.  UAA scored three unanswered goals in the second period and was one second away from winning in regulation when the Chargers, skating with a 6-on-4 advantage, tied it as the buzzer sounded.  The teams played through two scoreless overtime periods at the Von Braun Center to set up the shootout.  Mantha finished with 35 saves and Nicolas Erb-Ekholm, Austin Azurdia and Tad Kozun provided goals in regulation for the Seawolves.  Azurdia extended his goal-scoring streak to three games with his team-high fifth goal of the season.  Jonah Renouf assisted on all three UAA goals and was among seven Seawolves to register points.  A night after being outshot 40-17 in a 5-1 loss to the Chargers, the Seawolves doubled their shots on goal. They fired 34 shots to Huntsville's 38.  All six regulation goals were scored on the power play. The second period was marred by penalties – the teams combined for 33 penalty minutes on 10 penalties.  The shootout victory gives UAA five points in four WCHA games. The Seawolves are tied for last place in the 10-team league with UAF and Lake Superior State, which have both played two more WCHA games than UAA.  UAA (1-7-2 overall, 1-2-1 WCHA) is two points out of sixth place, which is shared by Ferris State and the Chargers (3-6-1, 2-1-1). It's three points behind fifth-place Bemidji State, which has played six games.  The Seawolves return to Sullivan Arena this week for a two-game series against third-place Michigan Tech. 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/13/what-the-insider-data-suggests-about-under-armour-inc-uaa/

Recent insider trends for Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UAA) have caught the attention of investors. Insider data is useful because it can reveal what a company’s executives and largest shareholders feel about a stock. In this case, the data has some interesting things to say about how UAA might perform in the future. Institutions own 72.50% of Under Armour, Inc. (UAA)’s shares. The total value of these holdings, in millions, is $1,680. Among active positions in the latest quarter, 186 holders increased their positions by a total of 14.92 million shares, 256 holders decreased the positions by a total of 16.78 million shares, and 89 holders held their positions. This works out to a net decrease in ownership of 1.86 million shares, and suggests that institutions are feeling bearish about the stock. Among new and sold out positions, 51 holders initiated new positions by a total of 2.28 million shares and 77 holders exited their positions by a total of 6.7 million shares. This nets out to a decrease of 4.42 million shares and is another bearish sign for UAA. Insider ownership increased by a total of 0 shares, which suggests that UAA’s key executives are feeling more optimistic about the outlook for the stock. The data from the past twelve months tells a different story: insiders executed 5 buys and 18 sells, and ownership decreased by a net of 49430 shares. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Short interest, or the number of a stock’s tradable shares currently being shorted, is another metric investors use to get a pulse on sentiment. Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UAA)’s short interest is 53.39 million shares, or % of the float. This represents a decrease of -3% in the number of shares being shorted compared to the previous reading, and implies that investors felt less pessimistic about the stock during the past two weeks. In light of the insider ownership and trading data it makes sense to consider technicals to see if they come to a similar conclusion about the outlook for UAA. A composite of 13 technical indicators that includes measures such as moving averages and momentum oscillators suggests that UAA is a Strong sell, which implies that UAA is expected to underperform the market based on prior trading patterns. Conclusion 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Institutional ownership trends suggest that the stock is cheap and the insider trading data indicates that insiders are bullish. Technical indicators (also) suggest that Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UAA) is overvalued. 

https://www.adn.com/sports/uaa-athletics/2017/10/28/red-hot-uaa-volleyball-team-outlasts-northwest-nazarene/

 The streaking UAA volleyball team on Saturday knocked off another nationally ranked opponent, this time taking down 10th-ranked Northwest Nazarene in a five-set match at the Alaska Airlines Center.  Playing in front of a crowd of 1,268, the Seawolves used 25 kills from Leah Swiss to rally past the Nighthawks 19-25, 25-14, 12-25, 25-23, 15-9.  The win, which came two nights after UAA upset 25th-ranked Central Washington behind Chrisalyn Johnson's 24 kills, was the team's sixth in a row.  "That was a huge win against a very, very good team — one that came in with only one loss — so we're happy to avenge a loss that we had earlier in the year," UAA coach Chris Green said at a post-match press conference.  A month ago, the Nighthawks beat UAA in four sets in Nampa, Idaho. They took Saturday's first set but UAA responded with stellar play in the second set.  "In set 2, that was really some of the best Seawolf volleyball that we've seen this year, and we kind of got back to that at the end of games 4 and 5," Green said.  The final set featured five ties and three lead changes before UAA gained control with a 6-0 run, fueled by three Swiss kills and two Keala Kaio-Perez aces, that made it 10-5.  "That was a really fun, competitive match the whole way," Swiss said at the post-match press conference. "We have a great rivalry against NNU so it certainly wasn't hard to get motivated for this one."  Northwest Nazarene, which came to Alaska tied for the lead in the Great Northwest Athletic Conference, slipped into second place (20-2 overall, 12-2 GNAC). UAA (16-7, 11-3) is tied with Central Washington for third place.  Swiss, a junior outside hitter from Anchorage, posted a .301 attack percentage, making three errors on career-high 73 attacks. She added 11 digs, three block assists and one solo block.  Johnson, another junior outside hitter from Anchorage, supplied UAA's match point with her 16th kill of the match. She put up a double-double with 18 digs and added two aces.  UAA served 10 aces to Northwest Nazarene's five, with Kaio-Perez getting give aces to go with a match-high 26 digs. Casey Davenport chipped in 15 digs while handing out 47 assists, and Vanessa Hayes was good for six block assists, six kills and two aces.  For the Nighthawks, Kendra Bodine led a group of four players into double-figure kills with 17 while adding 24 digs and two solo blocks. Madi Farrell added 15 kills on .412 hitting and Hailey Cook furnished 55 assists and 11 digs.  Next up for the Seawolves are their final two road matches of the regular season. They face league-leading Western Washington (13-1) on Thursday in Bellingham, Washington, and Simon Fraser on Saturday in Burnaby, British Columbia. 

https://www.adn.com/sports/uaa-athletics/2017/10/28/red-hot-uaa-volleyball-team-outlasts-northwest-nazarene/

 The streaking UAA volleyball team on Saturday knocked off another nationally ranked opponent, this time taking down 10th-ranked Northwest Nazarene in a five-set match at the Alaska Airlines Center.  Playing in front of a crowd of 1,268, the Seawolves used 25 kills from Leah Swiss to rally past the Nighthawks 19-25, 25-14, 12-25, 25-23, 15-9.  The win, which came two nights after UAA upset 25th-ranked Central Washington behind Chrisalyn Johnson's 24 kills, was the team's sixth in a row.  "That was a huge win against a very, very good team — one that came in with only one loss — so we're happy to avenge a loss that we had earlier in the year," UAA coach Chris Green said at a post-match press conference.  A month ago, the Nighthawks beat UAA in four sets in Nampa, Idaho. They took Saturday's first set but UAA responded with stellar play in the second set.  "In set 2, that was really some of the best Seawolf volleyball that we've seen this year, and we kind of got back to that at the end of games 4 and 5," Green said.  The final set featured five ties and three lead changes before UAA gained control with a 6-0 run, fueled by three Swiss kills and two Keala Kaio-Perez aces, that made it 10-5.  "That was a really fun, competitive match the whole way," Swiss said at the post-match press conference. "We have a great rivalry against NNU so it certainly wasn't hard to get motivated for this one."  Northwest Nazarene, which came to Alaska tied for the lead in the Great Northwest Athletic Conference, slipped into second place (20-2 overall, 12-2 GNAC). UAA (16-7, 11-3) is tied with Central Washington for third place.  Swiss, a junior outside hitter from Anchorage, posted a .301 attack percentage, making three errors on career-high 73 attacks. She added 11 digs, three block assists and one solo block.  Johnson, another junior outside hitter from Anchorage, supplied UAA's match point with her 16th kill of the match. She put up a double-double with 18 digs and added two aces.  UAA served 10 aces to Northwest Nazarene's five, with Kaio-Perez getting give aces to go with a match-high 26 digs. Casey Davenport chipped in 15 digs while handing out 47 assists, and Vanessa Hayes was good for six block assists, six kills and two aces.  For the Nighthawks, Kendra Bodine led a group of four players into double-figure kills with 17 while adding 24 digs and two solo blocks. Madi Farrell added 15 kills on .412 hitting and Hailey Cook furnished 55 assists and 11 digs.  Next up for the Seawolves are their final two road matches of the regular season. They face league-leading Western Washington (13-1) on Thursday in Bellingham, Washington, and Simon Fraser on Saturday in Burnaby, British Columbia. 

https://www.adn.com/sports/uaa-athletics/2017/11/09/uaa-bounces-back-sweeps-western-oregon-in-volleyball/

 When the Seawolves needed a spark to close out Thursday's volleyball match against Western Oregon, outside hitter Leah Swiss answered the call.  The junior hammered two straight kills and provided a solo block on match point to seal UAA's 25-23, 25-21, 25-22 sweep of the Wolves at the Alaska Airlines Center.  The Seawolves (17-9, 12-5 Great Northwest Athletic Conference) received 12 kills and 15 digs from Junior outside hitter Chrisalyn Johnson for her 10th double-double of the season, and Swiss added nine kills, a career-high 21 digs, three aces and two blocks.  UAA jumped out to big leads in the first two sets only to have Western Oregon (6-18, 2-15) fight back each time in a match that was closer than a sweep suggests.  In the first set, UAA led 5-6 before the Wolves began chipping away. Three straight Western Oregon kills made it 22-22, and Swiss was blocked by Leila Holt to give the Wolves a 23-22 lead. Swiss responded with a kill of her own and Hayes smacked back-to-back kills to clinch the set.  After leading 14-6 in the second, UAA saw its lead sliced to 20-18 on a kill from Western Oregon's Katherine Huntington. But the Seawolves answered with a 3-0 run — highlighted by a combo block from Vanessa Hayes and Anais Vargas — to stem the tide and hold on, 25-21.  The third set was the closest with neither team leading by more than three points the whole way. The match was tied at 22-22 before Swiss' back-to-back kills and solo block ended the match.  "That was far from our best effort, but I also give Western Oregon a lot of credit for playing great defense and making things hard for us," UAA coach Chris Green said in a press release. "Luckily some of our veterans stepped up at key points in the match enough to get us the win."  The Wolves were led by outside hitter Alisha Bettinson (15 kills), libero Libbie Hoene (22 digs) and outside hitter Sierra Stultz (5 aces), but they were outhit .173 to .093.  Heading into the week, Green said UAA will likely need to win out to have a shot at the West Region tournament.  The Seawolves have three matches remaining, all at the Alaska Airlines Center, with a 1:30 p.m., Saturday showdown against Concordia next on tap. 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/Under%2BArmour%252C%2BInc.%2B%2528UAA%2529%2BPT%2BLowered%2Bto%2B%25249%2Bat%2BNomuraInstinet%2BCiting%2BConcerns%2BOver%2BFuture%2BRe-Ratings/13491301.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

