https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-earnings-beat-cant-hide-warts/

Absolutely no questions exist — Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has been a monster investment. Year-to-date, the BABA stock price at just under $185 gained over 110%. In market capitalization terms, Alibaba added roughly a quarter-trillion dollars. All signs are a go in its quest to dethrone Amazon.com,Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). But should late-to-the-game investors buy into this rally or simply let it go? A review of Alibaba’s second-quarter performance gives you great reads.  Against a consensus earnings-per-share forecast of $6.85, BABA stock came in at $8.57, or a 25.2% positive surprise. More impressively, Alibaba’s year-ago Q2 EPS was $5.26, resulting in a 63% jump. Furthermore, when Alibaba beats, it beats big. Since Q1 of 2015, BABA’s average positive surprise is 15.4%. Additionally, the margins are improving significantly in recent quarters. On the revenue front, BABA is a steamroller. According to Bloomberg, the e-commerce giant reported its “fastest pace of sales” since its 2014 initial public offering. CEO Jack Ma’s plan is to reinvigorate China’s 4 trillion-yuan retail market, currently mired in antiquated ways. The company is enlisting “half a million mom-and-pop shops as part of a drive to woo customers both online and in-store as it opens its wallet to boost services to merchants on its platform.” Additionally, momentum is surging into Alibaba’s cloud-computing business. In Q2, cloud sales doubled, putting pressure on Amazon, and regional rival Tencent Holdings Ltd (OTCMKTS:TCEHY). In theory, all of these developments are strong positives for the BABA stock price. However, theory and actuality clashed in the markets. After jumping to an early lead, BABA stock closed out the November 2 session down nearly 0.7% against the prior. Is this a mere blip — or an early-warning signal? Internet forums are rife with positive comments about BABA stock, as they should be. The e-retailer was a massively profitable pick, particularly if you had gotten in at the bottom of 2016. Again, no one’s disputing the success; rather, the debate centers on whether or not any juice remains. So far, investors have ignored the company’s warts as the BABA stock price soared to record highs. But if you look close enough, they exist. One of Alibaba’s ongoing credibility concerns is fake products. Like our own fake news scandals, Alibaba has consistently fought allegations that it turns a blind eye to counterfeiting. But taking a page out of the fake news playbook, many of the accusations carry nuggets of truth. For one thing, the consistency of the accusations alone raises eyebrows. More critically, China runs a counterfeit economy that totals $400 billion. From shoes to electronics to even medication, Chinese copycats mimic anything and everything. Needless to say, they cost American companies billions of dollars. It’s not just black market goods that potential buyers of BABA stock should worry about. Take a look at Jianghuai Auto Corporation’s 4R3 and tell me that’s not a cheapo imitation of Ford Motor Company‘s (NYSE:F) F-150 truck. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-earnings-beat-cant-hide-warts/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://standardoracle.com/2017/11/07/why-should-investors-reconsider-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba/

Key Statistics Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) escalated 2.53% and closed its last trading session at $187.84. Its opening price on the last trading day was $183.21. The company’s market cap is $485.29 Billion. The company has 2.58 Billion shares outstanding and 784.05 Million shares were floated in market. The short ratio in the company’s stock is documented at 7.13 and the short float is around of 17.08%. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has been given an analysts’ mean target of 197.23. 52-week High/Low The highest price BABA stock touched in the last 12 month was $191.22 and the lowest price it hit in the same period was $86.01. Stock’s distance from 52 week High is -1.77% and the distance from 52 week Low is 118.39%. Share Volume Analysis A total of 19.8 Billion shares exchanged at hands and its average trading volume is standing at 18.77 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 1.05. Stock Performance Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) performance during the last one year upgraded 92.52 percent, while its year to date (YTD) performance showed a positive trend of 113.92 percent. The stock jumped 56.53 percent over the past six months. The stock’s quarterly performance indicates a positive momentum of 19.26 percent, whereas its last one month trend is optimistic with 4.82 percent. Its weekly performance showed upward trend of 3.45 percent. Profit Margins Analysis Profitability analysis helps a great deal in making investment decision. Net profit margin of the company was recorded at 34.5 percent, operating profit margin was 35.3 percent, while gross profit margin stands at 63 percent. Key Ratios Review Liquidity ratios help investors to determine a company’s ability to pay off its debts. For the most recent quarter, quick ratio was 1.7, current ratio was 1.7, LT Debt/Equity ratio was 0.23 and Total Debt/Equity ratio stands at 0.28, while Payout ratio is 0. Return on Assets, Investment and Equity Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) has a Return on Assets of 11.5 percent, Return on Investment of 8.7 percent and a Return on Equity of 20.9 percent. Simple Moving Average Moving averages are used as a strong indicator for technical stock analysis and it helps investors in figuring out where the stock has been and also helps in determining where it may be possibly heading. Now we look at the Moving Averages, the 200-day is 36.41%, the 50-day is 6.76% and the 20-day is 4.86%. EPS Growth Analysis The company’s diluted EPS for trailing twelve months was 2.98. EPS Estimate for the next year is 6.64. EPS Estimate for the next Quarter is 1.63. EPS Growth this year is -39.1 percent. Earnings and Sales Growth EPS growth for the next 5 years is 5.06 percent. Annual EPS growth Past 5 years is 58.9 percent. Annual Sales Growth in the past 5 years was 51.2 percent. Quarterly Revenue Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 60.7 percent. Quarterly Earnings Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 128.1 percent. Investment Valuation Ratios The company P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 63.01 and Forward P/E ratio is 28.31. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 18.19, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 9.83, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 19.43. Volatility Analysis If we look at the Volatility of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA), Week Volatility is 2.80%, whereas Month Volatility is at 2.31%. Technical Indicators Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA)’s RSI (Relative strength index) is at 63.91, its ATR (Average True Range) value is 4.37, while its Beta factor was calculated at 0. Earnings Released Date The company last reported its quarterly results on Nov 02 BMO. Analysts Recommendation Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 1.6. Insider Ownership and Transactions Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s insider ownership stands at 52.36 percent, while its insider transaction is 0 percent. Institutional Ownership and Transactions Institutional ownership refers to the ownership stake in a company that is held by large financial organizations, pension funds or endowments. Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s institutional ownership is 39.9%, while its institutional transactions stand at 0.55%. 

https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/11/06/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-pt-set-at-182-00-by-keycorp.html


					Posted by Erica Schwartz on Nov 6th, 2017 // No Comments  KeyCorp set a $182.00 price target on Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA)  in a research note released on Friday, October 20th. The firm currently has a buy rating on the specialty retailer’s stock. Several other equities analysts have also commented on BABA. Zacks Investment Research lowered Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 17th. Bank of America Corporation  reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $200.00 price objective on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research report on Monday, October 16th. Macquarie  reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $245.00 price objective on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research report on Monday, October 16th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a buy rating and set a $185.00 price objective on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research report on Monday, October 16th. Finally, Vetr raised Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $202.18 price target for the company in a report on Monday, October 16th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued  a hold rating, thirty-two have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $183.89. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) traded up $4.63 during trading hours on Friday, reaching $187.84. The company had a trading volume of 19,721,247 shares, compared to its average volume of 17,730,000. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a one year low of $86.01 and a one year high of $191.22. The stock has a market cap of $481,090.00, a price-to-earnings ratio of 53.26, a PEG ratio of 1.56 and a beta of 2.60. The company has a quick ratio of 1.71, a current ratio of 1.71 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.21.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) last released its earnings results on Thursday, August 17th. The specialty retailer reported $0.94 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.73 by $0.21. Alibaba Group Holding Limited had a return on equity of 17.89% and a net margin of 30.87%. The business had revenue of $7.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.16 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.74 earnings per share.  analysts anticipate that  Alibaba Group Holding Limited will post 3.96 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “KeyCorp Reiterates $182.00 Price Target for Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA)” was first  posted by Dispatch Tribunal and is the property of of Dispatch Tribunal. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/11/06/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-pt-set-at-182-00-by-keycorp.html.  A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in BABA. Shine Investment Advisory Services Inc. purchased a new position in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $102,000.  First Eagle Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $104,000.  FNY Managed Accounts LLC purchased a new position in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the 1st quarter valued at approximately $107,000.  Lee Financial Co increased its stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 45.5% in the 2nd quarter. Lee Financial Co now owns 800 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $113,000 after purchasing an additional 250 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Winch Advisory Services LLC increased its stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 147.4% in the 2nd quarter. Winch Advisory Services LLC now owns 809 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $114,000 after purchasing an additional 482 shares in the last quarter. 37.45% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.  About Alibaba Group Holding Limited Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally.   Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/07/reviewing-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-and-borderfree-brdr.html


					Posted by Toi Williams on Nov 7th, 2017 // No Comments  Borderfree (NASDAQ: BRDR) and Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) are both e-commerce & auction services companies, but which is the superior business? We will compare the two companies based on the strength of their risk, profitability, dividends, institutional ownership, valuation, earnings and analyst recommendations.  Profitability This table compares Borderfree and Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets. Earnings & Valuation This table compares Borderfree and Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s revenue, earnings per share and valuation. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has higher revenue and earnings than Borderfree. Borderfree is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Alibaba Group Holding Limited, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks.  Analyst Recommendations This is a breakdown of recent ratings and price targets for Borderfree and Alibaba Group Holding Limited, as provided by MarketBeat.com.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a consensus target price of $182.44, indicating a potential downside of 2.88%. Given Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s  higher possible upside, analysts clearly believe Alibaba Group Holding Limited is more favorable than Borderfree. Insider & Institutional Ownership 37.5% of Alibaba Group Holding Limited shares are held by institutional investors. Strong institutional ownership is an indication that large money managers, hedge funds and endowments believe a stock is poised for long-term growth. Summary Alibaba Group Holding Limited beats Borderfree on 9 of the 9 factors compared between the two stocks. About Borderfree Borderfree, Inc. (Borderfree) is engaged in the e-commerce, operating a technology and services platform to enable the United States retailers to transact with international shoppers. The retailers and brands, which the Company refers to as their customers, that integrate the Company’s solution use the Borderfree platform to develop an e-commerce business across Web, mobile and in-store channels. Borderfree manages all aspects of the international shopping experience, including site localization, multi-currency pricing, payment processing, fraud management, landed cost calculation, customs clearance and brokerage, and global logistics services. The Borderfree platform consists of technology, data, know-how and services that span: consumer experience localization; payments, compliance and risk management; global transportation and logistics; post-delivery customer care, and global consumer insights and marketing. About Alibaba Group Holding Limited Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally. Its businesses consist of core commerce, cloud computing, mobile media and entertainment, and other innovation initiatives. Through investee affiliates, it also participates in the logistics and local services sectors. Retail commerce in China operated by the Company includes the China online commerce destination (Taobao Marketplace); the China third-party platform for brands and retailers (Tmall), and the sales and marketing platform for flash sales (Juhuasuan). Wholesale commerce in China operated by the Company includes the China domestic wholesale marketplace (1688.com) and the wholesale marketplace for global trade (Alibaba.com).  Receive News & Ratings for Borderfree Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Borderfree Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/06/stock-that-can-flourish-your-investment-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba/


Adam Costello 
1 day ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 The following data is for Alibaba Group Holding Limited | NYSE: BABA | Monday, November 6, 2017 Based on the aggregate value of the company over its current share price and the total amount of outstanding stocks, the market cap of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) is presently reeling at 473.33B. Acting as the blue chip in today’s trade, Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s existing market cap value showcases its prevailing assets, capital and revenues. It also indicates that the share tends to be less volatile and proves to be more attractive than smaller companies because of their stability and the likelihood of higher dividend offers. The company’s P/E ratio is currently valued at 61.46, with a forward P/E of 27.61. The existing P/E value will allow investors to easily determine whether the company’s stock price is cheap or expensive. Corporations that acquires a higher P/E ratio are usually growth stocks. However, their relatively high multiples do not necessarily indicate that their shares are overpriced and not good buys for the long term. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a current ratio of 1.7, indicating whether the company’s short-term assets (cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, receivables and inventory) are readily obtainable to pay off its short-term liabilities. Theoretically, the higher the current ratio, the better. The corporation holds a quick ratio of 1.7, signifying the short-term liquidity and the ability to use its quick assets to pay the current liabilities. However, investors should also know that this is not the whole story on company liquidity. It’s ROA is valued at 11.50% marking the total profit the company generates as a percentage of the value of its total assets. Generally, the higher the ROA, the better it is. A falling ROA is almost always a problem, but investors and analysts should also know that the ROA does not account for outstanding liabilities and may signpost a greater profit level than actually derived. The firm has a ROI of 8.70%, calculating the gain or loss generated on investment relative to the sum of money invested. Return on investments is normally expressed as a percentage and is used for personal financial decisions. The existing ROI value of Alibaba Group Holding Limited outlines the firm’s profitability alongside the efficiency of different investments. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has an EPS value of 2.98, demonstrating the portion of the company’s earnings, net of taxes and preferred stock dividends that is allotted to each share of common stock. The current amount sensibly gauges the company’s liability per unit of shareholder ownership and indicates whether it is a key driver of share prices. The current share price of Alibaba Group Holding Limited is valued at $183.21 with a change in price of -0.87%. Company has a target price of $197.23. The existing EPS value gives an insight into the company’s EPS growth this year at -39.10%. With this in mind, the EPS growth for the following year measures at 31.73%. It has an EPS growth of 58.90% for the past five years, indicating an EPS value of 5.06% for the next five years. The sales growth for the past five years is 51.20%. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE: BABA)   Tags (NYSE:BABA),NYSE,BABA,Alibaba Group Holding Limited,Services,Specialty Retail, Other 1 min ago 8 mins ago 8 mins ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tuesday-vital-data-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-teva-pharmaceutical-industries-ltd-adr-teva-valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx/

U.S. stock futures are mixed this morning, as Wall Street eyes another round of corporate earnings and positive retail data out of the Eurozone. Specifically, Eurozone retail sales rose 3.7% in September year-over-year, topping estimates for a 2.9% gain. Meanwhile, in earnings, Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX) will be in focus after gaining ground and heavy options activity yesterday. Heading into the open, Dow Jones Industrial Average futures are up 0.09%, S&P 500 futures have dipped 0.03% and Nasdaq-100 futures are off 0.03%. On the options front, volume lightened up a bit on Monday, but remained well above October’s daily average. Overall, about 17.2 million calls and 13.4 million puts changed hands on the session. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio ticked higher to 0.61, but the 10-day moving average slipped to a one-month low of 0.63. As for Monday’s most active option, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) attracted heavy call options volume after Oppenheimer boosted its price target on BABA stock. Meanwhile Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) surged despite a price-target cut at Credit Suisse after reports emerged that billionaire Len Blavatnik was looking to acquire a stake. Finally, Valeant Pharmaceuticals gained an influx of call activity amid earnings speculation and news the company was divesting Sprout Pharmaceuticals.  Alibaba posted blowout earnings last week, once again putting Wall Street’s estimates to shame. The brokerage bunch has been playing catch-up ever since, with Oppenheimer joining the bullish chorus on Monday. Analysts at the firm lifted their price target on BABA stock to $220 from $200, noting that the company was “uniquely positioned to benefit from the rise of Chinese middle-class consumption.” BABA stock rose more than 2.5% on the increase, and options traders continued to scarf down calls as a result. Volume topped 199,000 contracts, with calls accounting for 68% of the day’s take. Overall, the November put/call open interest ratio has fallen from last week’s pre-earnings perch of 0.63 to today’s reading of 0.51. Calls are clearly being added at a faster rate than puts, indicating that traders are ramping up bullish expectations ahead of Singles Day. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tuesday-vital-data-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-teva-pharmaceutical-industries-ltd-adr-teva-valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tuesday-vital-data-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-teva-pharmaceutical-industries-ltd-adr-teva-valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx/

U.S. stock futures are mixed this morning, as Wall Street eyes another round of corporate earnings and positive retail data out of the Eurozone. Specifically, Eurozone retail sales rose 3.7% in September year-over-year, topping estimates for a 2.9% gain. Meanwhile, in earnings, Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX) will be in focus after gaining ground and heavy options activity yesterday. Heading into the open, Dow Jones Industrial Average futures are up 0.09%, S&P 500 futures have dipped 0.03% and Nasdaq-100 futures are off 0.03%. On the options front, volume lightened up a bit on Monday, but remained well above October’s daily average. Overall, about 17.2 million calls and 13.4 million puts changed hands on the session. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio ticked higher to 0.61, but the 10-day moving average slipped to a one-month low of 0.63. As for Monday’s most active option, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) attracted heavy call options volume after Oppenheimer boosted its price target on BABA stock. Meanwhile Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:TEVA) surged despite a price-target cut at Credit Suisse after reports emerged that billionaire Len Blavatnik was looking to acquire a stake. Finally, Valeant Pharmaceuticals gained an influx of call activity amid earnings speculation and news the company was divesting Sprout Pharmaceuticals.  Alibaba posted blowout earnings last week, once again putting Wall Street’s estimates to shame. The brokerage bunch has been playing catch-up ever since, with Oppenheimer joining the bullish chorus on Monday. Analysts at the firm lifted their price target on BABA stock to $220 from $200, noting that the company was “uniquely positioned to benefit from the rise of Chinese middle-class consumption.” BABA stock rose more than 2.5% on the increase, and options traders continued to scarf down calls as a result. Volume topped 199,000 contracts, with calls accounting for 68% of the day’s take. Overall, the November put/call open interest ratio has fallen from last week’s pre-earnings perch of 0.63 to today’s reading of 0.51. Calls are clearly being added at a faster rate than puts, indicating that traders are ramping up bullish expectations ahead of Singles Day. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/tuesday-vital-data-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-teva-pharmaceutical-industries-ltd-adr-teva-valeant-pharmaceuticals-intl-inc-vrx/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://bangaloreweekly.com/2017-11-07-keycorp-boosts-whiting-petroleum-corp-wll-price-target-to-15-00/

Whiting Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:WLL) had its price objective boosted by KeyCorp from $12.00 to $15.00 in a research note published on Tuesday morning. They currently have an overweight rating on the oil and gas exploration company’s stock. A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Vetr upgraded Whiting Petroleum Corp. from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $11.03 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, October 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co.  restated a hold rating and set a $10.00 price target on shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. in a research note on Friday, November 11th. Cantor Fitzgerald  restated a hold rating on shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. in a research note on Sunday, August 14th. Barclays PLC dropped their price target on Whiting Petroleum Corp. from $12.00 to $9.00 and set an equal weight rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, July 29th. Finally, KLR Group  restated a buy rating and set a $15.00 price target (down previously from $18.00) on shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. in a research note on Monday, August 1st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned  a hold rating, eleven have assigned  a buy rating and two have assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. Whiting Petroleum Corp. currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $12.07.  Shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:WLL) opened at 10.33 on Tuesday. Whiting Petroleum Corp. has a 52-week low of $3.35 and a 52-week high of $17.04. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $8.81 and a 200-day moving average price of $9.09. The stock’s market capitalization is $2.90 billion.  Whiting Petroleum Corp. (NYSE:WLL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The oil and gas exploration company reported ($0.47) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.40) by $0.07. Whiting Petroleum Corp. had a negative net margin of 106.77% and a negative return on equity of 11.83%. The business earned $129.23 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $350.95 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted ($0.17) EPS. The company’s revenue was down 74.6% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  Whiting Petroleum Corp. will post ($2.19) EPS for the current fiscal year.  Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Palisade Capital Management LLC NJ bought a new position in shares of  Whiting Petroleum Corp. during the second quarter worth approximately $167,000.  Investors Capital Advisory Services bought a new position in shares of  Whiting Petroleum Corp. during the second quarter worth approximately $113,000.  Putnam FL Investment Management Co. boosted its position in  Whiting Petroleum Corp. by 1.1% in the second quarter. Putnam FL Investment Management Co. now owns 18,780 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $174,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period.  Fox Run Management L.L.C. acquired a new position in  Whiting Petroleum Corp. during the second quarter valued at approximately $144,000.  Finally, William Blair Investment Management LLC boosted its position in  Whiting Petroleum Corp. by 161.8% in the second quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC now owns 35,743 shares of the oil and gas exploration company’s stock valued at $331,000 after buying an additional 22,088 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  74.21% of the company’s stock.  Whiting Petroleum Corp. Company Profile         

 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/alibaba-baba-2nd-quarter-earnings-what-to-expect-cm869786

Alibaba earnings (Shutterstock photo) Chinese e-commerce and tech giant Alibaba (BABA) will report second quarter fiscal 2018 earnings results before the opening bell Thursday. With year-to-date returns approaching 110%, you would be hard-pressed to find a hotter stock on market today. Yet, despite being one of 2017’s best performers, a case can be made that BABA shares, which trade at just 26 times 2018 EPS estimates, are cheap. That valuation is almost 20 points below its historical average. At the same time, Wall Street analysts are constantly revising BABA’s profits estimates higher in order to keep up with the company’s growth. Just in the past thirty days, estimates for the just-ended quarter and full year have been revised higher by 8% and 7%, respectively. In the three months that ended September, Wall Street expects Hong Kong-based online retailer to report $1.04 per share on revenue of $7.86 billion, translating to year-over-year growth of 31.6% and 52%, respectively. For the full year, ending in March 2018, earnings are projected to rise 39% year over year to $4.91 per share, while full-year revenue of $35.63 billion would rise 49.5% year over year. As gaudy as these projections might appear, Alibaba has established a track record of crushing even the most bullish expectations. Last quarter the company reported a profit of $2.17 billion, or 82 cents per share. On an adjusted basis, when taking out one-time gains and costs, earnings were $1.17 per share per share, which beats Thomson Reuters consensus estimates of 93 cents per share. The company also posted revenue of $7.52 billion, which also topped Street forecasts $7.15 billion. The results, which includes first quarter revenue surging 56%, combined with a whopping 24-cent beat on the bottom line, sent BABA stock soaring almost 10% to then an all-time high go $167.50. Since then the stock, which has gained almost 20% in three months, has amassed several more all-time highs, currently at $184.70. But the top- and bottom-line numbers are just part of the story. On Thursday, Wall Street will want to see whether the world's largest retailer (by gross merchandise volume) can continue diversifying its business to strengthening its position beyond core commerce. Areas such as its digital payments platform, AliPay and new growth areas such as the cloud, where it has a goal of challenging both Amazon (AMZN) and Microsoft (MSFT) will be in focus. In the first quarter, Alibaba’s cloud revenue surged 96% year over year, driven by 15% sequential rise in the number of cloud-paying customers, which now stands at over one million. The company has not only seen increases in the number of paying customers, its customers are also spending higher than usual, which drives up usage of services. Elsewhere, analysts will also want to see sustained increases in fast growing, albeit smaller segments such as digital media and entertainment revenue and innovation initiatives, which in Q1 posted revenue growth of 30% and 21%, respectively. All told, with its market cap approaching half a billion dollars, Alibaba has high expectations to live up to this quarter. But with a quality management team that is known for consistently knocking it out of the park, betting against of the strongest tech conglomerates on the market today, which has wind in its sails, can get you hurt. 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-singles/

With sales growth projected to top 49% next year, and average nearly that through the end of this year, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) should be trading north of $200 by now. Lamentations about geopolitical woes and an overvalued U.S. stock market aside, Alibaba bulls are in for a treat this November. The Chinese e-commerce giant has not one, but two events that should drive the BABA stock price well north of $200 before December. The first such event occurs this Thursday morning, when Alibaba will step up to release its fiscal second-quarter earnings report. Analysts are projecting a 30% rise in earnings to $1.03 per share and a 52% spike in revenue to $7.85 billion. Those are some impressive numbers, to say the least. But projections could still be on the light side, as EarningsWhispers.com projects a whisper number of $1.10 per share. Given that Alibaba has a habit of routinely blowing out Wall Street’s expectations, a whisper number beat could be in the cards this Thursday. If a strong earnings performance wasn’t enough, Singles Day takes place on Nov 11. This regional holiday is bigger than Black Friday for the Chinese e-commerce giant. This year, Alibaba has access to a plethora of U.S. retailers and is planning a “Retail as entertainment” event as well as a “See Now, Buy Now” fashion show to kick off this online shopping extravaganza. Last year, consumers spent the equivalent of $17.79 billion on Singles Day, making it bigger than both Black Friday and Cyber Monday. And Alibaba is front and center for the event. A look at sentiment heading into November reveals a heavy bullish bias from the brokerage community. In fact, nearly all 43 analysts following BABA stock rate it a “buy” or better, with less than a handful doling out “holds.” While that leaves little room for upgrades, there is plenty of room for price target increases, as the average consensus price target of $197.23 represents a measly premium of only about 8.6% to yesterday’s close. 
Click to Enlarge Turning to BABA stock options pits, we find that speculative traders are nowhere near as bullish as the brokerage community. Currently, the November put/call open interest ratio comes in at 0.63. Yes, calls have a clear upper hand, but peak November call OI rests at the in-the-money $180 strike, with heavy call accumulations also at the $175 strike. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-singles/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

