https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exclusive-general-electric-mulls-options-204821584.html

By Anshuman Daga and Greg Roumeliotis (Reuters) - General Electric Co (GE.N) is exploring options for its aircraft leasing operations, including the sale of all or part of the business, as Chief Executive John Flannery searches for new divestitures, according to people familiar with the matter. GE is considering options for GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS), the world's second-largest lessor, following expressions of interest from some of its competitors, the sources said on Monday. A spin-off of the business is also a possibility, the sources said, cautioning that GE may decide to keep the business. The sources asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential. GE declined to comment. GECAS has a fleet of 1,339 planes worth an estimated $25 billion, ranking behind only U.S.-listed AerCap Holdings NV (AER.N), which is estimated to have a portfolio of $30 billion, according to data from consultancy FlightGlobal. Some 40 percent of the airline industry's aircraft are leased to avoid the fixed costs of owning planes. GECAS' clients include Boeing Co (BA.N) and Airbus SE (AIR.PA). Consolidation in the sector has intensified in the last few years, as Asian competitors chip away at the market shares of AerCap and GECAS. Avolon Holdings, the aircraft leasing company owned by China's shipping-and-airline giant HNA Group Co Ltd, has catapulted to become the world's third biggest lessor after acquiring U.S. rival CIT Group Inc's (CIT.N) plane leasing business earlier this year. In June, GECAS struck a partnership with Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec, Canada's second largest pension fund, to create a new company focused on leasing high-tech, fuel-efficient narrow-body aircraft. Flannery has been looking for divestitures to meet his goal of identifying more than $20 billion worth of assets for GE. The company has also been exploring divesting its transportation and healthcare information technology businesses, sources said last month. GE is looking to bounce back after what Flannery last month called horrible results in the third quarter. He has argued that GE's strong businesses are being held back by others that "drain investment and management resources without the prospect for a substantial reward." Flannery is due to update GE shareholders on the company's strategy at an event on Nov. 13.  (Reporting by Anshuman Daga in Singapore and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Tom Brown) 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/could-ge-stock-plunge-bottom-17/

Source: Flickr It’s not a good time to be a shareholder in General Electric Company (NYSE:GE). GE stock continues to free-fall and the hope is that it’s putting in some sort of bottom near $20. General Electric stock has failed to hold major support twice now. GE’s earnings report was just too much — it put many shareholders over the edge. Maybe it’s the capitulation we’ve been waiting for, but perhaps there’s more downside left. Put simply, General Electric earnings in mid-October were not pretty. GE beat on revenue estimates, but earnings of just 29 cents per share came in woefully below analysts’ estimates of 49 cents. Further, it cut the full-year guidance range down to $1.05-$1.10 per share, down from a previous $1.60-$1.70 per share. Given that it just reported third-quarter earnings, that tells us how bad its fourth quarter is going to be. Finally, management finally admitted the GE dividend is up for review. We highlighted the dividend worries too many times leading up to its earnings. Management told us over and over that the dividend was a priority. That didn’t mean it was safe and we noted that several times. We pointed to the stressed look of its operating cash flow and free-cash flow as well. And as much as it sounds like some solid back-patting going on, that’s not the case. Trust me, I’ve blown plenty of trades down the line. But the dividend issue should be no surprise to investors because it was so disappointingly apparent. General Electric has an investor meeting on Nov. 13, where we should get an update on its business and what’s going on with the dividend. Should GE maintain its dividend, we’re looking at a near-5% yield. That’s unlikely and several analysts have suggested a roughly 25% to 40% reduction. JPMorgan analyst Stephen Tusa has been very consistent in staying ahead of the GE stock decline. He cut his price target ahead of earnings to $20 and again after, now down to $17. Tusa lowered his target on the assumption of lower Power profits and “higher accounting-change headwinds.” The latter seems likely given the complicated web GE has woven. Tusa cut his 2018 earnings per share estimates to $1.05 from $1.15, a nickel below consensus. His 2018 midpoint ($1.10) comes within the current guidance range for fiscal 2017. In fiscal 2019, Tusa is looking for earnings of $1.15 to $1.25. So basically, little to no growth from 2017 to 2018 and slight growth from 2018 to 2019. Now trading at 17.3 times forward earnings and 24 times its trailing earnings, GE stock isn’t exactly cheap. Because estimates keep coming down and its current results are missing the mark, GE stock is remaining expensive. 17 times forward earnings for a stock with no earnings growth over the next 15 months and a dividend that might be on the chopping block? Ouch. It just makes names like Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON), Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) and United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) look even better. Click to Enlarge Next Page  Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/could-ge-stock-plunge-bottom-17/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.nystocknews.com/2017/11/06/what-the-insider-data-suggests-about-general-electric-company-ge-2/

The price of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) over the past year has decreased -28.78% while the S&P 500 has increased 23.79%. During the past 20 days, GE has decreased -17.43% while the broad market has increased 1.60%. GE ‘s 20-day moving average currently sits above its 100-day moving average. This is a bullish signal that suggests the stock price might continue to rise. GE’s average trading volume during the past 20 days is lower than the average volume over the past 100 days, which could be an indication that investors are feeling less certain than usual about the direction of GE’s future price movements. Recent trading patterns in the stock of General Electric Company (GE) have investors on high alert. Many experts agree that the best way to predict future performance is by studying the past. In the cast of GE, these trading patterns could have some important implications for future performance. In the most recent quarter, institutional ownership increased by a net of 2.81 million shares, or 0.06%.This is a bullish sign and indicates that institutions are feeling more optimistic about the outlook for GE overall.836 holders increased their positions, 1,180 decreased their positions, and 163 holders held their positions. Among institutions that increased their positions, 83 were new positions. Among holders that decreased their positions, 118 sold out of the stock General Electric Company. Insider ownership during the latest quarter increased by a net of 125293 shares, indicating that GE’s key executives are feeling more bullish about the stock than they did three months ago. 2 or 14.29% of the trades during the past quarter were buys, and 12 or 85.71% were sells. Insider ownership during the last year has decreased by a net of 347959 shares. 32.56% of insider trades in the last 12 months were buys, and 67.44% were sells. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) has a 20-day RSI of 26.50%. According to this momentum indicator, a reading below 30 suggests the stock is becoming oversold and that the recent downtrend may be about to reverse. The MACD tells a different story. GE’s 9-day MACD currently sits above the 20-day MACD, indicating that GE’s downside momentum has increased during the last three weeks. This suggests that the trend will likely continue. GE’s average trading volatility during the past few weeks is 32.85% higher than the average volatility over the past 100 days. This means that the stock’s daily price swings have been more extreme in recent times compared to the past. Analysts expect General Electric Company (GE) to generate earnings per share of $1.06 in 2017. This works out to a decrease of -28.86% compared to last year’s earnings. For comparison’s sake, analysts expect the S&P 500 to grow earnings by an average of 12% in 2017. The average investment rating for GE on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong sell and 5 being a strong buy) is a 3.23 or a Hold. Three months ago, analysts assigned GE a 3.45 rating, which implies that analysts have become more pessimistic about the outlook for the stock over the next year. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   

http://standardoracle.com/2017/11/07/general-electric-company-ge-investors-must-watch/

Key Statistics General Electric Company (GE) declined -0.05% and closed its last trading session at $20.13. Its opening price on the last trading day was $20.14. The company’s market cap is $172.84 Billion. The company has 8.59 Billion shares outstanding and 8.59 Billion shares were floated in market. The short ratio in the company’s stock is documented at 2.16 and the short float is around of 1.39%. General Electric Company has been given an analysts’ mean target of 25.73. 52-week High/Low The highest price GE stock touched in the last 12 month was $32.38 and the lowest price it hit in the same period was $19.63. Stock’s distance from 52 week High is -37.83% and the distance from 52 week Low is 2.55%. Share Volume Analysis A total of 60.54 Billion shares exchanged at hands and its average trading volume is standing at 55.46 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 1.09. Stock Performance General Electric Company (GE) performance during the last one year degraded -29.22 percent, while its year to date (YTD) performance showed a negative trend of -36.3 percent. The stock fell -30.42 percent over the past six months. The stock’s quarterly performance indicates a negative momentum of -21.24 percent, whereas its last one month trend is pessimistic with -17.47 percent. Its weekly performance showed downward trend of -1.37 percent. Profit Margins Analysis Profitability analysis helps a great deal in making investment decision. Net profit margin of the company was recorded at 5.7 percent, operating profit margin was 6.8 percent, while gross profit margin stands at 25 percent. Key Ratios Review Liquidity ratios help investors to determine a company’s ability to pay off its debts. For the most recent quarter, quick ratio was 0, current ratio was 0, LT Debt/Equity ratio was 1.42 and Total Debt/Equity ratio stands at 1.79, while Payout ratio is 1.172. Return on Assets, Investment and Equity General Electric Company (GE) has a Return on Assets of 2 percent, Return on Investment of 5.1 percent and a Return on Equity of 9.4 percent. Simple Moving Average Moving averages are used as a strong indicator for technical stock analysis and it helps investors in figuring out where the stock has been and also helps in determining where it may be possibly heading. Now we look at the Moving Averages, the 200-day is -25.72%, the 50-day is -14.3% and the 20-day is -8.8%. EPS Growth Analysis The company’s diluted EPS for trailing twelve months was 0.86. EPS Estimate for the next year is 1.14. EPS Estimate for the next Quarter is 0.3. EPS Growth this year is 630.1 percent. Earnings and Sales Growth EPS growth for the next 5 years is 11 percent. Annual EPS growth Past 5 years is -4.1 percent. Annual Sales Growth in the past 5 years was -3.3 percent. Quarterly Revenue Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 14.4 percent. Quarterly Earnings Growth on year-over-year basis stands at -6.2 percent. Investment Valuation Ratios The company P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 23.46 and Forward P/E ratio is 17.6. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 1.4, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 2.29, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 4.34. Volatility Analysis If we look at the Volatility of General Electric Company (GE), Week Volatility is 2.29%, whereas Month Volatility is at 2.65%. Technical Indicators General Electric Company (GE)’s RSI (Relative strength index) is at 24.95, its ATR (Average True Range) value is 0.56, while its Beta factor was calculated at 1.12. Earnings Released Date The company last reported its quarterly results on Oct 20 BMO. Analysts Recommendation General Electric Company (GE) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 2.4. Insider Ownership and Transactions General Electric Company’s insider ownership stands at 0.1 percent, while its insider transaction is 4.11 percent. Institutional Ownership and Transactions Institutional ownership refers to the ownership stake in a company that is held by large financial organizations, pension funds or endowments. General Electric Company’s institutional ownership is 56%, while its institutional transactions stand at -0.43%. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/07/general-electric-company-ge-is-st-germain-d-j-co-inc-s-8th-largest-position.html


					Posted by Jennifer Salazar on Nov 7th, 2017 // No Comments  ST Germain D J Co. Inc. raised its holdings in  General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) by 1.1% during the second quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 743,729 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after buying an additional 7,896 shares during the period. General Electric comprises about  2.7% of ST Germain D J Co. Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 8th largest position. ST Germain D J Co. Inc.’s holdings in General Electric were worth $20,088,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.  Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Ullmann Financial Group Inc. bought a new position in shares of  General Electric during the first quarter valued at about $106,000.  Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. bought a new position in shares of  General Electric during the first quarter valued at about $114,000.  PHH Investments Ltd. lifted its position in shares of  General Electric by 105.0% during the first quarter. PHH Investments Ltd. now owns 3,905 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $116,000 after purchasing an additional 2,000 shares in the last quarter.  Oakmont Partners LLC lifted its position in shares of  General Electric by 3.6% during the second quarter. Oakmont Partners LLC now owns 8,034 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $217,000 after purchasing an additional 278 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. lifted its position in shares of  General Electric by 25.2% during the second quarter. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 8,081 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $218,000 after purchasing an additional 1,625 shares in the last quarter. 54.38% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.  ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally  reported by The Ledger Gazette and is the property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/07/general-electric-company-ge-is-st-germain-d-j-co-inc-s-8th-largest-position.html.  In related news, Director James S. Tisch bought 100,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, August 22nd. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $24.56 per share, for a total transaction of $2,456,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Vice Chairman Elizabeth J. Comstock sold 24,693 shares of General Electric stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, August 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.65, for a total transaction of $633,375.45. Following the sale, the insider now owns 175,717 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,507,141.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own  0.36% of the company’s stock.  A number of research firms recently weighed in on GE. J P Morgan Chase & Co  set a $22.00 price target on shares of General Electric and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, July 24th. Morgan Stanley  restated an “equal weight” rating and set a $27.00 price objective on shares of General Electric in a report on Monday, July 17th. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of General Electric from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from $26.00 to $22.00 in a report on Tuesday, October 24th. Credit Suisse Group  restated an “outperform” rating and set a $33.00 price objective on shares of General Electric in a report on Saturday, July 22nd. Finally, Cowen and Company  restated a “hold” rating and set a $27.00 price objective on shares of General Electric in a report on Monday, July 17th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned  a hold rating, nine have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $25.84. General Electric Company (NYSE GE) opened at $20.13 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $174,655.78, a P/E ratio of 16.24, a P/E/G ratio of 2.11 and a beta of 1.11. General Electric Company has a 12 month low of $19.63 and a 12 month high of $32.38. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.14, a quick ratio of 1.53 and a current ratio of 1.86.  General Electric (NYSE:GE) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, October 20th. The conglomerate reported $0.29 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.49 by ($0.20). The firm had revenue of $33.47 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $32.51 billion. General Electric had a net margin of 6.08% and a return on equity of 13.72%. General Electric’s revenue was up 11.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.32 EPS.  equities analysts forecast that  General Electric Company will post 1.06 EPS for the current year.  The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, October 25th. Shareholders of record on Monday, September 18th were given a dividend of $0.24 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Friday, September 15th. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.77%. General Electric’s payout ratio is presently 120.00%.  General Electric Company Profile    Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/11/07/gamble-jones-investment-counsel-has-10-35-million-position-in-general-electric-company-ge.html


					Posted by Lisa Durand on Nov 7th, 2017 // No Comments  Gamble Jones Investment Counsel lowered its position in shares of  General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) by 1.9% in the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The firm owned 383,049 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after selling 7,223 shares during the period. General Electric comprises about  1.1% of Gamble Jones Investment Counsel’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 17th biggest holding. Gamble Jones Investment Counsel’s holdings in General Electric were worth $10,346,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.  A number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in GE. Bank of Stockton raised its holdings in  General Electric by 0.5% in the 2nd quarter. Bank of Stockton now owns 54,156 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $1,462,000 after purchasing an additional 273 shares in the last quarter.  LifePlan Financial Group Inc raised its holdings in  General Electric by 0.7% in the 2nd quarter. LifePlan Financial Group Inc now owns 22,693 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $613,000 after purchasing an additional 154 shares in the last quarter.  Ingalls & Snyder LLC raised its holdings in  General Electric by 53.1% in the 2nd quarter. Ingalls & Snyder LLC now owns 1,156,392 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $31,234,000 after purchasing an additional 401,045 shares in the last quarter.  Kistler Tiffany Companies LLC increased its stake in shares of  General Electric by 1.2% in the 2nd quarter. Kistler Tiffany Companies LLC now owns 101,281 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $2,736,000 after acquiring an additional 1,161 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D increased its stake in shares of  General Electric by 3.1% in the 2nd quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 9,075,000 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $245,116,000 after acquiring an additional 275,000 shares in the last quarter. 54.38% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  Several brokerages recently issued reports on GE. J P Morgan Chase & Co decreased their price target on shares of General Electric from $19.00 to $17.00 and set an “underweight” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, November 1st. Vetr upgraded shares of General Electric from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $23.28 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, October 30th. UBS AG  restated a “sell” rating and set a $18.00 price objective (down from $21.00) on shares of General Electric in a research note on Monday, October 30th. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. lowered shares of General Electric from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 24th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus lowered shares of General Electric from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $26.00 to $22.00 in a research note on Tuesday, October 24th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued  a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $25.84. Shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at $20.13 on Tuesday. General Electric Company has a 1 year low of $19.63 and a 1 year high of $32.38. The firm has a market cap of $174,655.78, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.24, a P/E/G ratio of 2.11 and a beta of 1.11. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.14, a current ratio of 1.86 and a quick ratio of 1.53.  General Electric (NYSE:GE) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, October 20th. The conglomerate reported $0.29 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.49 by ($0.20). The firm had revenue of $33.47 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $32.51 billion. General Electric had a return on equity of 13.72% and a net margin of 6.08%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 11.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.32 earnings per share.  analysts forecast that  General Electric Company will post 1.06 EPS for the current fiscal year.  The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, October 25th. Shareholders of record on Monday, September 18th were paid a dividend of $0.24 per share. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.77%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Friday, September 15th. General Electric’s payout ratio is 120.00%.  WARNING: “Gamble Jones Investment Counsel Lowers Position in General Electric Company (GE)” was first  reported by Dispatch Tribunal and is the sole property of of Dispatch Tribunal. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/11/07/gamble-jones-investment-counsel-has-10-35-million-position-in-general-electric-company-ge.html.  In related news, Director James S. Tisch bought 100,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, August 22nd. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $24.56 per share, with a total value of $2,456,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Vice Chairman Elizabeth J. Comstock sold 24,693 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, August 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.65, for a total transaction of $633,375.45. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 175,717 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,507,141.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.36% of the stock is owned by insiders.  General Electric Company Profile    Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-07/ge-s-plight-starts-a-blame-game

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 As the reality of General Electric Co.&apos;s plight sets in, the blame game is starting. And there&apos;s plenty to go around.  This time last year, GE was a $260 billion industrial titan emerging from a major streamlining effort with high hopes of becoming a top 10 software maker. Now, it&apos;s a $175 billion cautionary tale of bad management grappling with a draconian drop in earnings expectations. And that&apos;s just what we know at this point. There&apos;s speculation GE&apos;s cash crunch could force a dividend cut as early as this week, and new CEO John Flannery will present his plan for reshaping the company&apos;s sprawling portfolio on Nov. 13. There&apos;s even (as of now, unfounded) speculation that GE misled investors and regulators as to its financial well-being.    GE got a pass from too many people for too long because, well, it&apos;s GE -- a beacon of American industry and operational excellence that traces its roots to Thomas Edison. That time has ended. Someone has to answer for GE&apos;s downward spiral, starting here:  Management: GE&apos;s former CEO Jeff Immelt has received the brunt of criticism, and he deserves it. Immelt spent grandly on energy and power deals just as those markets slipped into a decline that&apos;s largely responsible for GE&apos;s recent earnings struggles and cash shortfall.  But he wasn&apos;t a one-man show. Steve Bolze, former head of GE&apos;s power unit and once a top contender to succeed Immelt, didn&apos;t respond quickly enough to weakening demand. And former CFO Jeff Bornstein could be just as much a cheerleader as Immelt on overly optimistic forecasts -- and he was the numbers guy. Bornstein took public responsibility, noting on GE&apos;s recent earnings call that "the buck stops with me." Given that he was on his way out at the time, it&apos;s to his credit that he showed up at all, and it&apos;s a lot more than we&apos;ve heard from Immelt. But this falling-on-the-sword rhetoric will only go so far with investors. Depending on how bad things get, they may seek clawbacks of hefty pay packages.  The Board: GE&apos;s fall from grace has exposed a deeper oversight crisis, starting with the company&apos;s practice of having an empty private jet tail Immelt. GE was under pressure to cut billions in costs, but the board and Immelt were reportedly unaware of the second plane. At best, this drama is an embarrassing sideshow. At worst, it should spark concern about what else the upper ranks of GE didn&apos;t question thoroughly. For example, why did Beth Comstock, head of GE&apos;s Business Innovations unit, receive the same 2016 special retention grant as fellow vice chair and head of GE&apos;s crown-jewel aviation unit David Joyce?  Why did GE need vice chairs at all? There were 17 external advisors on GE&apos;s board. In its most recent proxy statement, GE said its larger-than-average board was necessary, given the diversity and complexity of its business. The extra sets of eyes don&apos;t seem to have helped much. Trian Fund Management: The activist fund run by Nelson Peltz first disclosed a stake in GE in October 2015. At the time, it sought to add credibility to Immelt&apos;s transformation strategy and encourage more cost cuts and even greater return of cash to shareholders. Trian seemed to grow increasingly frustrated with GE, and founding partner Ed Garden was just added to the board. But it&apos;s worth wondering if Trian&apos;s initial endorsement helped shield some of GE&apos;s challenges and whether it could have been more aggressive, sooner. In March, Trian brokered a deal that tied GE executives&apos; bonuses more directly to operating profit and cost-cutting goals. I commented at the time that the agreement was cold comfort because it assigned penalties only if GE fell short of both targets. GE has already exceeded its cost-cutting goal for 2017, but is nowhere near the profit benchmark. And that means nothing happens to the bonuses, at least as far as this agreement is concerned.   Equity Analysts -- While the outlook for GE&apos;s businesses has gotten materially worse, the majority of analysts are still upbeat on the stock. There&apos;s logic to this: the further GE falls, the closer (in theory) the stock gets to a bottom from which it can recover. But there also needs to be some soul-searching among these bullish analysts as to how they underestimated GE&apos;s shortcomings. A number of them have since downgraded the stock or lowered their price targets, and there&apos;s no shame in that. Some of us columnists could have been harder on the company, too. But it creates a bit of whiplash when you simultaneously reiterate a $35 price target -- a nearly 75 percent premium to Monday&apos;s closing price -- and speculate SEC investigations are nigh, as Melius Research&apos;s Scott Davis did last week. Who&apos;s to blame for GE&apos;s dire straits? It takes a village, I guess. We&apos;ll find out just how dire things are later this month. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 GE vehemently denied that there were any accounting improprieties at the company after Melius Research&apos;s Scott Davis suggested the company&apos;s accounting, auditor and past senior management would draw scrutiny and potentially spark regulatory and criminal investigations.  GE Business Innovations encompassed its lighting, venture capital and sales, marketing and communications operations.  GE sets bonuses based on a mix of financial and strategic goals for each year, so there will likely be some kind of impact from its latest disappointments. But there likely will be no extra penalty from the Trian deal.  To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-07/ge-s-plight-starts-a-blame-game

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 As the reality of General Electric Co.&apos;s plight sets in, the blame game is starting. And there&apos;s plenty to go around.  This time last year, GE was a $260 billion industrial titan emerging from a major streamlining effort with high hopes of becoming a top 10 software maker. Now, it&apos;s a $175 billion cautionary tale of bad management grappling with a draconian drop in earnings expectations. And that&apos;s just what we know at this point. There&apos;s speculation GE&apos;s cash crunch could force a dividend cut as early as this week, and new CEO John Flannery will present his plan for reshaping the company&apos;s sprawling portfolio on Nov. 13. There&apos;s even (as of now, unfounded) speculation that GE misled investors and regulators as to its financial well-being.    GE got a pass from too many people for too long because, well, it&apos;s GE -- a beacon of American industry and operational excellence that traces its roots to Thomas Edison. That time has ended. Someone has to answer for GE&apos;s downward spiral, starting here:  Management: GE&apos;s former CEO Jeff Immelt has received the brunt of criticism, and he deserves it. Immelt spent grandly on energy and power deals just as those markets slipped into a decline that&apos;s largely responsible for GE&apos;s recent earnings struggles and cash shortfall.  But he wasn&apos;t a one-man show. Steve Bolze, former head of GE&apos;s power unit and once a top contender to succeed Immelt, didn&apos;t respond quickly enough to weakening demand. And former CFO Jeff Bornstein could be just as much a cheerleader as Immelt on overly optimistic forecasts -- and he was the numbers guy. Bornstein took public responsibility, noting on GE&apos;s recent earnings call that "the buck stops with me." Given that he was on his way out at the time, it&apos;s to his credit that he showed up at all, and it&apos;s a lot more than we&apos;ve heard from Immelt. But this falling-on-the-sword rhetoric will only go so far with investors. Depending on how bad things get, they may seek clawbacks of hefty pay packages.  The Board: GE&apos;s fall from grace has exposed a deeper oversight crisis, starting with the company&apos;s practice of having an empty private jet tail Immelt. GE was under pressure to cut billions in costs, but the board and Immelt were reportedly unaware of the second plane. At best, this drama is an embarrassing sideshow. At worst, it should spark concern about what else the upper ranks of GE didn&apos;t question thoroughly. For example, why did Beth Comstock, head of GE&apos;s Business Innovations unit, receive the same 2016 special retention grant as fellow vice chair and head of GE&apos;s crown-jewel aviation unit David Joyce?  Why did GE need vice chairs at all? There were 17 external advisors on GE&apos;s board. In its most recent proxy statement, GE said its larger-than-average board was necessary, given the diversity and complexity of its business. The extra sets of eyes don&apos;t seem to have helped much. Trian Fund Management: The activist fund run by Nelson Peltz first disclosed a stake in GE in October 2015. At the time, it sought to add credibility to Immelt&apos;s transformation strategy and encourage more cost cuts and even greater return of cash to shareholders. Trian seemed to grow increasingly frustrated with GE, and founding partner Ed Garden was just added to the board. But it&apos;s worth wondering if Trian&apos;s initial endorsement helped shield some of GE&apos;s challenges and whether it could have been more aggressive, sooner. In March, Trian brokered a deal that tied GE executives&apos; bonuses more directly to operating profit and cost-cutting goals. I commented at the time that the agreement was cold comfort because it assigned penalties only if GE fell short of both targets. GE has already exceeded its cost-cutting goal for 2017, but is nowhere near the profit benchmark. And that means nothing happens to the bonuses, at least as far as this agreement is concerned.   Equity Analysts -- While the outlook for GE&apos;s businesses has gotten materially worse, the majority of analysts are still upbeat on the stock. There&apos;s logic to this: the further GE falls, the closer (in theory) the stock gets to a bottom from which it can recover. But there also needs to be some soul-searching among these bullish analysts as to how they underestimated GE&apos;s shortcomings. A number of them have since downgraded the stock or lowered their price targets, and there&apos;s no shame in that. Some of us columnists could have been harder on the company, too. But it creates a bit of whiplash when you simultaneously reiterate a $35 price target -- a nearly 75 percent premium to Monday&apos;s closing price -- and speculate SEC investigations are nigh, as Melius Research&apos;s Scott Davis did last week. Who&apos;s to blame for GE&apos;s dire straits? It takes a village, I guess. We&apos;ll find out just how dire things are later this month. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 GE vehemently denied that there were any accounting improprieties at the company after Melius Research&apos;s Scott Davis suggested the company&apos;s accounting, auditor and past senior management would draw scrutiny and potentially spark regulatory and criminal investigations.  GE Business Innovations encompassed its lighting, venture capital and sales, marketing and communications operations.  GE sets bonuses based on a mix of financial and strategic goals for each year, so there will likely be some kind of impact from its latest disappointments. But there likely will be no extra penalty from the Trian deal.  To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

http://www.chron.com/business/energy/article/GE-s-Baker-Hughes-launching-3B-share-buyback-12335397.php

Jordan Blum, Houston Chronicle Caption Close New Baker Hughes a GE company CEO Lorenzo Simonelli speaks during a meeting at the company's office in north Houston, Wednesday, July 5, 2017. New Baker Hughes a GE company CEO Lorenzo Simonelli speaks during a meeting at the company's office in north Houston, Wednesday, July 5, 2017. The newly merged Baker Hughes is launching a $3 billion share buyback program after joining the General Electric family of companies. The massive buyback program follows in the footsteps of many energy carrying more conservative spending plans into 2018 as rising U.S. oil prices still hover below $60 a barrel. The Baker Hughes plan allows it to invest in itself while driving up shareholder value. Baker Hughes stock jumped by more than 7 percent Monday after the news came out, up to nearly $33.50 a share. Baker Hughes is in solid financial shape, but its stock hadn't performed well since its merger with GE's oil and gas division. The company now trades under the "BHGE" stock ticker. The repurchase represents about 8 percent of Baker Hughes' outstanding shares.  "We are pleased that BHGE's strong balance sheet enables us to not only return value to shareholders through our regular quarterly dividend and share repurchases, but also invest in opportunities that will strengthen our fullstream portfolio and drive long-term growth," said Lorenzo Simonelli, Baker Hughes chairman and CEO. Monday's announcement is an important step toward returning value to shareholders after Baker Hughes' recent weak stock performance that has declined in tandem with the GE parent company, said James West, an energy analyst at investment bank Evercore ISI in New York. Get Unlimited Digital Access to Houston’s Enterprise Business News Activate for access to HoustonChronicle.com today! 

http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171106005517/en/Baker-Hughes-GE-company-Announces-3-Billion

HOUSTON & LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE) ("BHGE" or the "Company") today 
      announced that its Board of Directors has authorized Baker Hughes, a GE 
      company, LLC (“BHGE LLC”) to repurchase up to $3 billion of its common 
      units from BHGE and GE. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale 
      of its BHGE LLC common units to repurchase its Class A shares. In 
      addition, the Company also announced its intention for BHGE LLC to issue 
      new debt.
      
      “Today’s announcement represents an important step in our plan to 
      optimize BHGE’s capital structure. We believe the buyback is an 
      attractive use of cash given the value of our franchise and the highly 
      accretive nature of this program,” said Lorenzo Simonelli, BHGE Chairman 
      and Chief Executive Officer.
     
      “At the current share price, this repurchase represents approximately 
      eight percent of the Company's outstanding shares. We are pleased that 
      BHGE’s strong balance sheet enables us to not only return value to 
      shareholders through our regular quarterly dividend and share 
      repurchases, but also invest in opportunities that will strengthen our 
      fullstream portfolio and drive long-term growth."
     
      BHGE and BHGE LLC have also entered into an agreement with GE whereby 
      BHGE LLC will repurchase its common units from GE on a pro rata basis 
      and on the same terms as it repurchases common units from BHGE. The 
      proceeds distributed to BHGE will be used to repurchase Class A shares 
      on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The 
      repurchases will not materially change BHGE and GE’s relative economic 
      interests in BHGE LLC or BHGE’s Class A and Class B stockholders’ 
      relative voting interest.
     
      BHGE may from time to time enter into one or more 10b5-1 plans to effect 
      the repurchase of its Class A shares. The repurchase program may be 
      suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified 
      expiration date.
     
Forward-Looking Statements
 
      This news release (and oral statements made regarding the subjects of 
      this release) may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning 
      of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 
      21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (each a 
      “forward-looking statement”). The words “anticipate,” “believe,” 
      “ensure,” “expect,” “if,” “intend,” “estimate,” “project,” “foresee,” 
      “forecasts,” “predict,” “outlook,” “aim,” “will,” “could,” “should,” 
      “potential,” “would,” “may,” “probable,” “likely,” and similar 
      expressions, and the negative thereof, are intended to identify 
      forward-looking statements. There are many risks and uncertainties that 
      could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking 
      statements. These forward-looking statements are also affected by the 
      risk factors described in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 
      S-4 (File No. 333-216991), filed by the Company with the SEC and 
      declared effective on May 30, 2017; the Company’s subsequent quarterly 
      reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended June 30, 2017 and 
      September 30, 2017; and those set forth from time to time in other 
      filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The 
      documents are available through the Company’s website at: www.investors.bhge.com 
      or through the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval 
      (“EDGAR”) system at: www.sec.gov.
     
      Statements in this press release regarding share repurchases and debt 
      issuances that are forward-looking are based on management’s estimates, 
      assumptions and projections, and are subject to significant 
      uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
      Important risk factors could cause future events to differ materially 
      from those currently estimated by management, including, but not limited 
      to the following:
     
      No assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the 
      forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do 
      occur, what impact they will have on our results of operations, 
      financial condition or cash flows. We undertake no obligation to 
      publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement.
     
      About Baker Hughes, a GE company
     
      Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE) is the world’s first and only 
      fullstream provider of integrated oilfield products, services and 
      digital solutions. We deploy minds and machines to enhance customer 
      productivity, safety and environmental stewardship, while minimizing 
      costs and risks at every step of the energy value chain. With operations 
      in over 120 countries, we infuse over a century of experience with the 
      spirit of a startup – inventing smarter ways to bring energy to the 
      world.
     
 
      Baker Hughes, a GE companyMedia Relations:Stephanie 
      Cathcart, +1 202-549-6462stephanie.cathcart@bhge.comorMelanie 
      Kania, +1 713-439-8303melanie.kania@bhge.comorInvestor 
      Relations:Philipp Mueller, +1 281-809-9088investor.relations@bhge.com
 

