https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-inc-aapl-stock-keeper-120824598.html

Everyone was looking forward to the new iPhone 8 and 8 Plus from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). After introducing the two phones, AAPL unveiled the iPhone X. Source: Shutterstock All of them are gorgeous devices, without a doubt. But not everyone is onboard with upgrading. I was like many others, holding onto an iPhone 6, waiting for something to really change my mind. I thought, if the 8 is amazing, I will get it. If it feels “meh” I’ll buy the 7 which will now be at a discount. While demand is “off the charts” for iPhone X so far, the 8 isn’t looking too hot. Like many others, I thought the 8 and X would lead to an iPhone super-cycle. It still probably will. But in the short-term, there could be some struggle. In the fiscal third quarter, the iPhone 8/8 Plus represented just 16% of sales, according to surveys. Consider that the 7/7 Plus represented 43% of sales in a similar period, while the 6/6 Plus stood at 46%. Because the iPhone X was not available, this could lead to a disappointment in sales, earnings and margins in the short-term. InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips The jump from the 6 and 6S to the 7 was notable. But the improvements from the iPhone 7 to iPhone 8 aren’t, really. The 8’s processor is faster, supports (but does not come standard) with wireless charging and it has some cool photo software. But the battery life, camera quality, weight and size don’t really improve from the 7. Plus, a lot of people remain skeptical of the 8’s glass back as opposed to the metal backing of the 7. In all, why pay $699 for an iPhone 8 if you can get the very similar iPhone 7 for $549? Further, for a similar price to the iPhone 8, consumers can get the 7 Plus, or the 7 with more memory. Decluttr, a technology recycling site, has already noted a sharp increase in iPhone 8/8 Plus trade-ins. This is unusual, given that the device just came out. Admittedly though, Apple also doesn’t typically release a standard, plus and super model in the same cycle, either. It’s good news in that there is obvious pent-up demand for the more expensive iPhone X. It’s bad news in the sense that these consumers are finding that the iPhone 8 (apparently) wasn’t worth the purchase. While there are risks with the iPhone 8, the iPhone X looks promising. With a starting price target of $999 and obvious demand for the new device, Apple’s average selling price (ASP) should be elevated quite a bit. The risk here is that the iPhone 8/8 Plus is a dud, from a sales perspective, as consumers opt for either the iPhone X or the iPhone 7/7 Plus. Perhaps between the low-priced iPhone 7 and the high-priced iPhone X, these ASPs will still drift higher over time. In fact, they very well should move higher given that a $999 iPhone (starting price) has never been available.   It might take time to get there, though. According to recent reports, Apple has had production issues with the iPhone X. Those reports suggest AAPL will ship just 20 million units in 2017, half of what it originally planned. That’s bad news for the bulls who were looking for a mega-holiday quarter. For those who think longer than quarter-to-quarter though, Apple should be just fine.  Click to Enlarge Given these new realities, strength for the iPhone 7/7 Plus and production issues for the iPhone X, AAPL stock has actually been trading well. AAPL stock price today is just $2 away from its all-time high near $165. However, AAPL earnings are due up on Nov. 2, where investors will get a big look at how iPhone sales are coming along. Over the short-term, there could be risk to Apple stock. But do keep in mind how this tech behemoth has weathered the storm before. It will sort out any production issues. After all, that was Tim Cook’s specialty before becoming CEO. It still has the iPad, Mac and Apple Watch, all of which should do well through the holidays and ever-important fourth quarter. There’s still the AAPL dividend yield of 1.55% to collect. Revenue, earnings and cash flow won’t be an issue over the long term. Might it come up a little short or more volatile than investors expect this quarter? Sure. And could AAPL stock find itself back in the $140s? Of course. But long-term investors don’t need to think too hard about whether to buy that dip or not. The truth is, there’s a massive upgrade cycle and it’s finally here. Whether consumers are buying the iPhone 7, 8 or X, ASPs should increase, along with margins and earnings. Apple will be fine and investors don’t have to worry about Samsung Electronic (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) or Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL, NASDAQ:GOOG) taking share. Bret Kenwell is the manager and author of Future Blue Chips and is on Twitter @BretKenwell. As of this writing, Bret Kenwell did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. The post Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Keeper, Even After Lackluster iPhone Launch appeared first on InvestorPlace. 

https://9to5mac.com/2017/10/30/aapl-ihone-x-tdk-foster-electric-taiyo-yuden/

Yesterday AAPL: 166.72 

Ben Lovejoy

 
							- Oct. 30th 2017 5:37 am PT
								
@benlovejoy
 @benlovejoy Investors were clearly enthused by Apple’s statement that demand for the iPhone X was ‘off the charts,’ AAPL stock rising 3.58% on the news … 

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
NordVPN Reuters reports that three Japanese firms have also enjoyed some of the benefit, share prices rising despite a weak financial market in the country. Japanese Apple suppliers outperformed, with TDK Corp gaining 0.7 percent and Foster Electric rising 1.1 percent, and Taiyo Yuden surging 0.9 percent. The gains might seem comparatively modest, but they are set against a backdrop of general Nikkei nervousness following underperforming banks and ‘caution ahead of major central bank meetings this week.’ It’s common for Apple suppliers to experience their own share gains on the back of positive Apple news. We saw the same thing back in August when the iPhone maker reported decent Q3 results and gave strong Q4 guidance. We have just a few days to go before we find out whether Apple’s fiscal Q4 (calendar Q3) lived up to expectations as the company reports its earnings on November 2. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:  AAPL Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. Apple's bezel-less, premium 10th anniversary smartphone. 
@benlovejoy
 Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Original iPhone reviewer gets early iPhone X hands-on New videos show iPhone X unboxing and Face ID set up Final Cut Pro 10.4 demoed w/ VR, HDR workflow, more Photos: Space Gray iMac Pro and accessories 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/apple-inc-aapl-stock-free-earnings/

Last week ended with a bang for the mega-cap stocks like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). The bulls on Wall Street rejoiced from the Thursday earnings that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) delivered. These two delivered astounding stats that promised much more upside potential ahead. In sympathy, AAPL stock rallied almost 4% in anticipation of its earnings, which are due out this week. Though the reactions last week were inspiring, they are not guarantees of similar results this week. I believe that the short-term reaction to the earnings event is a complete coin flip. Regardless of the quality of the quarter, we don’t know what management will say nor do we know how traders will react. Case in point, Baidu Inc (ADR) (NASDAQ:BIDU) reported a great quarter and the stock fell 7% yet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) delivered a stinker and the stock flipped from -6% to +2% that day. Long term, fundamentals will eventual prevail but when trading options, time is a luxury that is fleeting. Today, I want to bet on the long-term viability of AAPL. This is the cream of the crop when it comes to corporations. It sells out of every widget it produces and it has a loyal clientele that doesn’t mind over paying for the perceived superiority of its products. They self-admit that they are stuck in the Apple ecosystem. I personally don’t get it, but it works for AAPL. In spite of my optimism for the stock here, I remain outspokenly critical of Tim Cook. I think he will ruin this gem of a company if he doesn’t change his way. The Long-term debt to equity is headed in the wrong direction, which I don’t mind if the money is being used in growth instead of financial engineering. I think shareholders will be better off if Cook would invested in new ventures. It is my personal opinion that GOOGL and AMZN both are setting their future prospects better than Tim Cook. They both have several new ventures that will be massive cash cows soon. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/apple-inc-aapl-stock-free-earnings/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://postanalyst.com/2017/10/30/apple-inc-aapl-held-by-202-sec-13f-filers/

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) recovered 56.66% of its value since hitting low of $104.08. The recent move of 3.58% gain helped the stock to close at $163.05 when trading ended on Oct. 27, 2017. At recent session, the prices were hovering between $158.7 and $163.6. This company shares are 7.27% off its target price of $174.9 and the current market capitalization stands at $847.06B. The recent change has given its price a 3.35% lead over SMA 50 and -1.15% deficit over its 52-week high. The stock witnessed 6.37% gains, 9.63% gains and 11.24% gains for the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month period, respectively. To measure price-variation, we found AAPL’s volatility during a week at 1.48% and during a month it has been found around 1.14%.  Institutional investors currently hold around $519.61 billion or 62.5% in AAPL stock. Look at its top three institutional owners. Vanguard Group Inc owns $55.8 billion in Apple Inc., which represents roughly 6.59% of the company’s market cap and approximately 10.74% of the institutional ownership. Similar statistics are true for the second largest owner, Blackrock Inc., which owns 313,366,448 shares of the stock are valued at $51.09 billion. The third largest holder is State Street Corp, which currently holds $34.63 billion worth of this stock and that ownership represents nearly 4.09% of its market capitalization.  At the end of 06/30/2017 reporting period, 943 institutional holders increased their position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by some 78,454,512 shares, 1,443 decreased positions by 138,656,582 and 202 held positions by 2,969,719,937. That puts total institutional holdings at 3,186,831,031 shares, according to SEC filings. The stock grabbed 98 new institutional investments totaling 8,063,297 shares while 71 institutional investors sold out their entire positions totaling 10,831,348 shares.  Multiple company employees have indulged in significant insider trading. Apple Inc. disclosed in a document filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that Senior Vice President Riccio Daniel J. has sold 15,642 shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) in trading session dated Oct. 05, 2017. These shares are worth $2,424,666 and were traded at $155.01 each. The SEC filing shows that Ahrendts Angela J performed a sale of 63,388 shares. The Senior Vice President disposed these shares by way of transaction on Oct. 05, 2017. The company’s shares were given away at $154.21 per share worth to an income of some $9,775,063 on account of Ahrendts Angela J.  Senior Vice President, Schiller Philip W, sold 56,808 common shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) in the open market. In a transaction dated Oct. 03, 2017, the shares were put up for sale at an average price of $154.7, raking in a sum of $8,788,198. After this sale, 49,575 common shares of AAPL are directly owned by the insider, with total stake valued at $8,083,204.  In the transaction dated Aug. 28, 2017, the great number of shares disposed came courtesy the Senior Vice President; Srouji Johny disposed a total of 5,892 shares at an average price of $161, amounting to approximately $948,612. The insider now directly owns 71,399 shares worth $11,641,607.  Several analysts have released their opinion on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), with 18 analysts believing it is a strong buy. Whereas 4 of them predict the stock is a hold. Also, there are 5 buy, 0 sell and 2 strong sell ratings, collectively assigning a 1.72 average brokerage recommendation. 

https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/10/30/1-86-eps-expected-for-apple-inc-aapl-this-quarter.html


					Posted by Erica Schwartz on Oct 30th, 2017 // No Comments  Wall Street brokerages forecast that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) will report $1.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Six analysts have made estimates for Apple’s earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at $1.93 and the lowest estimate coming in at $1.80. Apple posted earnings of $1.67 per share in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a positive year over year growth rate of 11.4%. The company is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings results after the market closes  on Thursday, November 2nd. On average, analysts expect that Apple will report full year earnings of $9.01 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $8.94 to $9.07. For the next financial year, analysts forecast that the firm will report earnings of $10.97 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $10.11 to $12.60. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share calculations are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that cover Apple. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, August 1st. The iPhone maker reported $1.67 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.57 by $0.10. Apple had a net margin of 20.87% and a return on equity of 35.40%. The firm had revenue of $45.41 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $44.94 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.42 EPS. Apple’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.2% on a year-over-year basis.  Several brokerages recently issued reports on AAPL. UBS AG  restated a “buy” rating and set a $170.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. Royal Bank Of Canada  restated an “outperform” rating and set a $160.08 price objective (down from $176.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, August 9th. Longbow Research  restated a “buy” rating and set a $173.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Friday, August 11th. Instinet  restated a “buy” rating and set a $175.00 price objective (up from $165.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Wednesday, August 2nd. Finally, Rosenblatt Securities  restated a “neutral” rating and set a $150.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research note on Thursday, September 21st. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and forty-seven have issued  a buy rating to the stock. Apple currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $190.67. Apple (AAPL) traded up 0.17% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $156.25. 23,974,146 shares of the company traded hands. Apple has a 52-week low of $104.08 and a 52-week high of $164.94. The stock has a market capitalization of $807.07 billion, a PE ratio of 17.74 and a beta of 1.27. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $157.09 and its 200 day moving average is $152.10.  In other Apple news, SVP Johny Srouji sold 10,469 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, August 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $162.20, for a total value of $1,698,071.80. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 76,250 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $12,367,750. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 31,625 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, August 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $158.13, for a total value of $5,000,861.25. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 112,430 shares in the company, valued at approximately $17,778,555.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 541,177 shares of company stock worth $85,864,804. Insiders own  0.08% of the company’s stock.  A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the business. Blue Sky Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Apple during the second quarter valued at $108,000.  Hefty Wealth Partners lifted its stake in  Apple by 27.6% in the second quarter. Hefty Wealth Partners now owns 804 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 174 shares during the period.  FNY Managed Accounts LLC lifted its stake in  Apple by 852.4% in the second quarter. FNY Managed Accounts LLC now owns 800 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 716 shares during the period.  American Beacon Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in  Apple in the first quarter valued at about $117,000.  Finally, Private Vista LLC acquired a new position in  Apple in the second quarter valued at about $122,000. 60.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors.  TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was  published by Dispatch Tribunal and is the property of of Dispatch Tribunal. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/10/30/1-86-eps-expected-for-apple-inc-aapl-this-quarter.html.  Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Apple (AAPL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com   Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-inc-aapl-stock-keeper-120824598.html

Everyone was looking forward to the new iPhone 8 and 8 Plus from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). After introducing the two phones, AAPL unveiled the iPhone X. Source: Shutterstock All of them are gorgeous devices, without a doubt. But not everyone is onboard with upgrading. I was like many others, holding onto an iPhone 6, waiting for something to really change my mind. I thought, if the 8 is amazing, I will get it. If it feels “meh” I’ll buy the 7 which will now be at a discount. While demand is “off the charts” for iPhone X so far, the 8 isn’t looking too hot. Like many others, I thought the 8 and X would lead to an iPhone super-cycle. It still probably will. But in the short-term, there could be some struggle. In the fiscal third quarter, the iPhone 8/8 Plus represented just 16% of sales, according to surveys. Consider that the 7/7 Plus represented 43% of sales in a similar period, while the 6/6 Plus stood at 46%. Because the iPhone X was not available, this could lead to a disappointment in sales, earnings and margins in the short-term. InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips The jump from the 6 and 6S to the 7 was notable. But the improvements from the iPhone 7 to iPhone 8 aren’t, really. The 8’s processor is faster, supports (but does not come standard) with wireless charging and it has some cool photo software. But the battery life, camera quality, weight and size don’t really improve from the 7. Plus, a lot of people remain skeptical of the 8’s glass back as opposed to the metal backing of the 7. In all, why pay $699 for an iPhone 8 if you can get the very similar iPhone 7 for $549? Further, for a similar price to the iPhone 8, consumers can get the 7 Plus, or the 7 with more memory. Decluttr, a technology recycling site, has already noted a sharp increase in iPhone 8/8 Plus trade-ins. This is unusual, given that the device just came out. Admittedly though, Apple also doesn’t typically release a standard, plus and super model in the same cycle, either. It’s good news in that there is obvious pent-up demand for the more expensive iPhone X. It’s bad news in the sense that these consumers are finding that the iPhone 8 (apparently) wasn’t worth the purchase. While there are risks with the iPhone 8, the iPhone X looks promising. With a starting price target of $999 and obvious demand for the new device, Apple’s average selling price (ASP) should be elevated quite a bit. The risk here is that the iPhone 8/8 Plus is a dud, from a sales perspective, as consumers opt for either the iPhone X or the iPhone 7/7 Plus. Perhaps between the low-priced iPhone 7 and the high-priced iPhone X, these ASPs will still drift higher over time. In fact, they very well should move higher given that a $999 iPhone (starting price) has never been available.   It might take time to get there, though. According to recent reports, Apple has had production issues with the iPhone X. Those reports suggest AAPL will ship just 20 million units in 2017, half of what it originally planned. That’s bad news for the bulls who were looking for a mega-holiday quarter. For those who think longer than quarter-to-quarter though, Apple should be just fine.  Click to Enlarge Given these new realities, strength for the iPhone 7/7 Plus and production issues for the iPhone X, AAPL stock has actually been trading well. AAPL stock price today is just $2 away from its all-time high near $165. However, AAPL earnings are due up on Nov. 2, where investors will get a big look at how iPhone sales are coming along. Over the short-term, there could be risk to Apple stock. But do keep in mind how this tech behemoth has weathered the storm before. It will sort out any production issues. After all, that was Tim Cook’s specialty before becoming CEO. It still has the iPad, Mac and Apple Watch, all of which should do well through the holidays and ever-important fourth quarter. There’s still the AAPL dividend yield of 1.55% to collect. Revenue, earnings and cash flow won’t be an issue over the long term. Might it come up a little short or more volatile than investors expect this quarter? Sure. And could AAPL stock find itself back in the $140s? Of course. But long-term investors don’t need to think too hard about whether to buy that dip or not. The truth is, there’s a massive upgrade cycle and it’s finally here. Whether consumers are buying the iPhone 7, 8 or X, ASPs should increase, along with margins and earnings. Apple will be fine and investors don’t have to worry about Samsung Electronic (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) or Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL, NASDAQ:GOOG) taking share. Bret Kenwell is the manager and author of Future Blue Chips and is on Twitter @BretKenwell. As of this writing, Bret Kenwell did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. The post Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Keeper, Even After Lackluster iPhone Launch appeared first on InvestorPlace. 

https://qz.com/1115221/an-apple-aapl-engineer-has-reportedly-been-fired-after-his-daughters-iphone-x-review-from-inside-the-campus-went-viral/

Don’t cross Apple. The tech giant has reportedly fired one of its iPhone X engineers after his daughter released a hands-on video with the phone before its official release on Nov. 3. The video shows Brooke Amelia Peterson touring Apple’s California campus with her father when he tests the unreleased phone’s Apple pay feature and later hands it to her to tinker around. She shows off its new home page features and camera technology, and her dad gives a sneak peak of the new Animoji feature. In total, the hands-on lasted around 55 seconds and was quickly picked up by several Apple blogs, including 9to5Mac, which called it “probably our best look yet at the device in action.” Apple is notorious for its secrecy and anti-leaking culture. It strictly prohibits filming on its campus, and even more so, the filming of unreleased products. After the video went viral, Peterson removed the video, reportedly at Apple’s request, but it’s since been re-uploaded by other YouTube accounts. In a second video posted on her channel Oct. 28, Peterson revealed that Apple had since dismissed her father. Peterson said that she didn’t know her actions had violated Apple’s policies and that she had intended for the “little innocent video” to be “a fun memory of me and my family.” But the video also featured sensitive information beyond showing off the iPhone X before Apple was ready, including employee-only QR codes, as well as what The Verge suggests is a list of codenames for unreleased Apple products in the Notes app. (Apple wasn’t immediately available to confirm that Peterson’s father had been fired.) “At the end of the day, when you work for Apple it doesn’t matter how good of a person you are,” she said in her second video. “If you break a rule, they just have no tolerance. They had to do what they had to do.” Peterson also said that neither she nor her father felt resentment over Apple’s decision. “I’m not mad at Apple,” she added. “I’m not going to stop buying Apple products.” 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/apple-rumors-iphone-x-unboxing-aapl/

Leading the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumor mill today is news of iPhone X unboxing videos. Today, we’ll look at that and other Apple Rumors for Monday. iPhone X Unboxing: iPhone X unboxing videos are showing up online, reports BGR. Several users across social media have been showing off videos of the iPhone X well before its launch this Friday. These lucky people have gotten their hands on the device early and are sharing a bit of the joy. None of the videos go into full detail about the device, but rather offer quick glimpses of taking the new smartphone out of its box. iOS 11.2 Beta: The first iOS 11.2 beta is now available to developers, MacRumors notes. This new beta can be downloaded from the Apple Developer Center or via an over-the-air update. It is still unknown what all will be coming with the release of iOS 11.2. It may include new features for AAPL’s mobile devices, but could also just be for bug fixes. The first beta for iOS 11.2 is out before the final version of iOS 11.1 is made available to the public. iPhone X Video: An early video of the iPhone X leaking may have gotten one employee fired, reports 9to5Mac. A video that was shared last week by the daughter of an engineer at Apple showed off the new iPhone X. The video contains several bits of information that the tech company likely didn’t want going public yet. A new video from the daughter claims that her video resulted in her father being fired. The father helps his daughter show off the device in the first video. He was likely fired for leaking information about the device. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/apple-rumors-iphone-x-unboxing-aapl/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://qz.com/1115221/an-apple-aapl-engineer-has-reportedly-been-fired-after-his-daughters-iphone-x-review-from-inside-the-campus-went-viral/

Don’t cross Apple. The tech giant has reportedly fired one of its iPhone X engineers after his daughter released a hands-on video with the phone before its official release on Nov. 3. The video shows Brooke Amelia Peterson touring Apple’s California campus with her father when he tests the unreleased phone’s Apple pay feature and later hands it to her to tinker around. She shows off its new home page features and camera technology, and her dad gives a sneak peak of the new Animoji feature. In total, the hands-on lasted around 55 seconds and was quickly picked up by several Apple blogs, including 9to5Mac, which called it “probably our best look yet at the device in action.” Apple is notorious for its secrecy and anti-leaking culture. It strictly prohibits filming on its campus, and even more so, the filming of unreleased products. After the video went viral, Peterson removed the video, reportedly at Apple’s request, but it’s since been re-uploaded by other YouTube accounts. In a second video posted on her channel Oct. 28, Peterson revealed that Apple had since dismissed her father. Peterson said that she didn’t know her actions had violated Apple’s policies and that she had intended for the “little innocent video” to be “a fun memory of me and my family.” But the video also featured sensitive information beyond showing off the iPhone X before Apple was ready, including employee-only QR codes, as well as what The Verge suggests is a list of codenames for unreleased Apple products in the Notes app. (Apple wasn’t immediately available to confirm that Peterson’s father had been fired.) “At the end of the day, when you work for Apple it doesn’t matter how good of a person you are,” she said in her second video. “If you break a rule, they just have no tolerance. They had to do what they had to do.” Peterson also said that neither she nor her father felt resentment over Apple’s decision. “I’m not mad at Apple,” she added. “I’m not going to stop buying Apple products.” 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/factors-that-may-impact-apples-aapl-earnings-in-q4-cm868056

  Apple, Inc. AAPL  is set to report fiscal fourth-quarter 2017 results on Nov 2   after the market closes  . Apple still depends on iPhone to drive its top line. However, a fast growing services segment is emerging as a big growth catalyst along with a resurgent iPad business (as seen in the last reported quarter). For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for Apple's earnings per share and total revenues are projected to be $1.86 and $51.171 billion representing an increase of 11.4% and 9.2% from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.  Fortunes Remain Tied to iPhone  Revenues from iPhone segment have become the mainstay of Apple's top line. The segment constitutes about 60% to 65% of total revenues. The about-to-be reported saw the launch of the much awaited iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. The new models were launched on Sep 22, 2017 and as a result will include sales for the first nine days only. Per media reports, iPhone 8 sales have been marred by the lowered iPhone 7 prices as well as the excitement around the iPhone X. iPhone X and iPhone 8 carry a slight price difference. As a result, consumers are waiting for iPhone X or are more interested in iPhone 7 as it is not much different from its successor, add media reports. Also, decelerating iPhone sales are due to increased competition from cheaper handsets like Oppo and Vivo. However, many analysts observe that unit volume metric has become a little less relevant as Apple is focusing on "aggressive pricing." Both iPhone 8 (& 8 Plus) and iPhone X cater to high-end consumers. Increased price will help to cushion the topline in the face of lower volume growth and boost gross margins as well. For the fourth quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for total iPhone units sold is expected to be 46.423 million, up 2% from the actual figure reported in the fourth quarter of 2016. Total revenues from iPhone and related products and services are projected to be around $29.6 billion, up 5.2% from the actual figure reported in the prior-year quarter.  Fast Growing Services Segment  Apple's Services segment, which includes revenues from Internet Services, App store, Apple Music, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing and other services, has become a fast growing segment. The company remarked that the segment is now the size of a Fortune 100 company, much earlier than the company had expected. Services segment has over 185 million subscribers. Much of the growth comes from App store and this quarter isn't going to be any different. Given the release of iOS 11  , app store revenues are expected to benefit all the more as the App store has been revamped completely. There is now a dedicated games tab in the App store. For the fourth quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues from iTunes, Sofware and Services stands at $7.613 billion, up 20.4% from the actual figure reported in the prior-year quarter.  Recovery Seen in iPad Business  Coming to the iPad business, Apple saw an impressive recovery in the iPad business in the last reported quarter  . The iPad business has long been in doldrums. However, increasing sales in the United States, China and Japan, has helped to reverse the drop in unit sales. Sales of iPad witnessed a 32% surge to 1 million units in the U.S education market. iPad is gaining traction among schools driven by the wide range of multimedia features of the education specific iOS applications. Going ahead, a refresh of the iPad lineup will help to sustain the momentum seen in the business. For the fourth quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues from iPad business stands at $4.32 billion, up 1.5% from the actual figure reported in the prior-year quarter. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for total iPad units sold is expected to be $9.948 million, up 7.4% from the actual figure reported in the fourth quarter of 2016.  What the Zacks Model Unveils?  Our proven model conclusively shows that Apple is likely to beat earnings estimates this quarter. Per our model, a stock with a positive  Earnings ESP   and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or at least 3 (Hold), has higher chance of beating estimates. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our  Earnings ESP Filter  . Apple currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 and has an ESP of +1.17%.   Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise      Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Apple Inc. Quote    Some Other Stocks With Favorable Combination  Here are a couple of companies which, as per our model, have the right combination of elements to post an earnings beat this quarter: NVIDIA Corp. NVDA  , with an Earnings ESP of +0.53% and a Zacks Rank of 1. You can see   the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   . HubSpot, Inc. HUBS  , with an Earnings ESP of +26.53% and a Zacks Rank of 2. AMTEK, Inc. AME  , with an Earnings ESP of +0.18% and a Zacks Rank of 3.  Zacks' Best Private Investment Ideas  While we are happy to share many articles like this on the website, our best recommendations and most in-depth research are not available to the public. Starting today, for the next month, you can follow all Zacks' private buys and sells in real time. Our experts cover all kinds of trades… from value to momentum . . . from stocks under $10 to ETF and option moves . . . from stocks that corporate insiders are buying up to companies that are about to report positive earnings surprises. You can even look inside exclusive portfolios that are normally closed to new investors.   Click here for Zacks' private trades >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  HubSpot, Inc. (HUBS): Free Stock Analysis Report   Apple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report   NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis Report   AMTEK, Inc. (AME): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research   Apple, Inc. AAPL  is set to report fiscal fourth-quarter 2017 results on Nov 2   after the market closes  . Apple still depends on iPhone to drive its top line. However, a fast growing services segment is emerging as a big growth catalyst along with a resurgent iPad business (as seen in the last reported quarter). For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for Apple's earnings per share and total revenues are projected to be $1.86 and $51.171 billion representing an increase of 11.4% and 9.2% from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016.  Fortunes Remain Tied to iPhone  Revenues from iPhone segment have become the mainstay of Apple's top line. The segment constitutes about 60% to 65% of total revenues. The about-to-be reported saw the launch of the much awaited iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus. The new models were launched on Sep 22, 2017 and as a result will include sales for the first nine days only. Per media reports, iPhone 8 sales have been marred by the lowered iPhone 7 prices as well as the excitement around the iPhone X. iPhone X and iPhone 8 carry a slight price difference. As a result, consumers are waiting for iPhone X or are more interested in iPhone 7 as it is not much different from its successor, add media reports. Also, decelerating iPhone sales are due to increased competition from cheaper handsets like Oppo and Vivo. However, many analysts observe that unit volume metric has become a little less relevant as Apple is focusing on "aggressive pricing." Both iPhone 8 (& 8 Plus) and iPhone X cater to high-end consumers. Increased price will help to cushion the topline in the face of lower volume growth and boost gross margins as well. For the fourth quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for total iPhone units sold is expected to be 46.423 million, up 2% from the actual figure reported in the fourth quarter of 2016. Total revenues from iPhone and related products and services are projected to be around $29.6 billion, up 5.2% from the actual figure reported in the prior-year quarter.  Fast Growing Services Segment  Apple's Services segment, which includes revenues from Internet Services, App store, Apple Music, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing and other services, has become a fast growing segment. The company remarked that the segment is now the size of a Fortune 100 company, much earlier than the company had expected. Services segment has over 185 million subscribers. Much of the growth comes from App store and this quarter isn't going to be any different. Given the release of iOS 11  , app store revenues are expected to benefit all the more as the App store has been revamped completely. There is now a dedicated games tab in the App store. For the fourth quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues from iTunes, Sofware and Services stands at $7.613 billion, up 20.4% from the actual figure reported in the prior-year quarter.  Recovery Seen in iPad Business  Coming to the iPad business, Apple saw an impressive recovery in the iPad business in the last reported quarter  . The iPad business has long been in doldrums. However, increasing sales in the United States, China and Japan, has helped to reverse the drop in unit sales. Sales of iPad witnessed a 32% surge to 1 million units in the U.S education market. iPad is gaining traction among schools driven by the wide range of multimedia features of the education specific iOS applications. Going ahead, a refresh of the iPad lineup will help to sustain the momentum seen in the business. For the fourth quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues from iPad business stands at $4.32 billion, up 1.5% from the actual figure reported in the prior-year quarter. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for total iPad units sold is expected to be $9.948 million, up 7.4% from the actual figure reported in the fourth quarter of 2016.  What the Zacks Model Unveils?  Our proven model conclusively shows that Apple is likely to beat earnings estimates this quarter. Per our model, a stock with a positive  Earnings ESP   and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or at least 3 (Hold), has higher chance of beating estimates. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our  Earnings ESP Filter  . Apple currently carries a Zacks Rank #3 and has an ESP of +1.17%.   Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise      Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Apple Inc. Quote    Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise   Apple Inc. Price and EPS Surprise    |      Apple Inc. Quote   Some Other Stocks With Favorable Combination  Here are a couple of companies which, as per our model, have the right combination of elements to post an earnings beat this quarter: NVIDIA Corp. NVDA  , with an Earnings ESP of +0.53% and a Zacks Rank of 1. You can see   the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   . HubSpot, Inc. HUBS  , with an Earnings ESP of +26.53% and a Zacks Rank of 2. AMTEK, Inc. AME  , with an Earnings ESP of +0.18% and a Zacks Rank of 3.  Zacks' Best Private Investment Ideas  While we are happy to share many articles like this on the website, our best recommendations and most in-depth research are not available to the public. Starting today, for the next month, you can follow all Zacks' private buys and sells in real time. Our experts cover all kinds of trades… from value to momentum . . . from stocks under $10 to ETF and option moves . . . from stocks that corporate insiders are buying up to companies that are about to report positive earnings surprises. You can even look inside exclusive portfolios that are normally closed to new investors.   Click here for Zacks' private trades >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

