http://standardoracle.com/2017/10/31/a-technical-perspective-on-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-2/

Key Statistics Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) escalated 3.08% and closed its last trading session at $181.58. Its opening price on the last trading day was $176.15. The company’s market cap is $449.66 Billion. The company has 2.48 Billion shares outstanding and 784.05 Million shares were floated in market. The short ratio in the company’s stock is documented at 7.47 and the short float is around of 17.08%. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has been given an analysts’ mean target of 195.67. 52-week High/Low The highest price BABA stock touched in the last 12 month was $184.7 and the lowest price it hit in the same period was $86.01. Stock’s distance from 52 week High is -1.69% and the distance from 52 week Low is 111.11%. Share Volume Analysis A total of 20.15 Billion shares exchanged at hands and its average trading volume is standing at 17.93 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 1.12. Stock Performance Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) performance during the last one year upgraded 78.14 percent, while its year to date (YTD) performance showed a positive trend of 106.79 percent. The stock jumped 53.76 percent over the past six months. The stock’s quarterly performance indicates a positive momentum of 17.35 percent, whereas its last one month trend is optimistic with 5.14 percent. Its weekly performance showed upward trend of 4.88 percent. Profit Margins Analysis Profitability analysis helps a great deal in making investment decision. Net profit margin of the company was recorded at 28.8 percent, operating profit margin was 31 percent, while gross profit margin stands at 63 percent. Key Ratios Review Liquidity ratios help investors to determine a company’s ability to pay off its debts. For the most recent quarter, quick ratio was 1.7, current ratio was 1.7, LT Debt/Equity ratio was 0.26 and Total Debt/Equity ratio stands at 0.31, while Payout ratio is 0. Return on Assets, Investment and Equity Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) has a Return on Assets of 10.2 percent, Return on Investment of 8.7 percent and a Return on Equity of 18.7 percent. Simple Moving Average Moving averages are used as a strong indicator for technical stock analysis and it helps investors in figuring out where the stock has been and also helps in determining where it may be possibly heading. Now we look at the Moving Averages, the 200-day is 34%, the 50-day is 3.9% and the 20-day is 2.27%. EPS Growth Analysis The company’s diluted EPS for trailing twelve months was 2.97. EPS Estimate for the next year is 6.57. EPS Estimate for the next Quarter is 1.04. EPS Growth this year is -39.1 percent. Earnings and Sales Growth EPS growth for the next 5 years is 4.86 percent. Annual EPS growth Past 5 years is 58.9 percent. Annual Sales Growth in the past 5 years was 51.2 percent. Quarterly Revenue Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 56.1 percent. Quarterly Earnings Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 92.2 percent. Investment Valuation Ratios The company P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 61.22 and Forward P/E ratio is 27.63. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 16.93, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 10.26, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 19.56. Volatility Analysis If we look at the Volatility of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA), Week Volatility is 2.55%, whereas Month Volatility is at 2.09%. Technical Indicators Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA)’s RSI (Relative strength index) is at 58.36, its ATR (Average True Range) value is 4.2, while its Beta factor was calculated at 0. Earnings Released Date The company last reported its quarterly results on Nov 02 BMO. Analysts Recommendation Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 1.6. Insider Ownership and Transactions Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s insider ownership stands at 52.36 percent, while its insider transaction is 0 percent. Institutional Ownership and Transactions Institutional ownership refers to the ownership stake in a company that is held by large financial organizations, pension funds or endowments. Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s institutional ownership is 39.8%, while its institutional transactions stand at 0.31%. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-cautious/

There’s definitely a case to stick with Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) stock long term. BABA stock has been one of 2017’s best performers, gaining 94% year-to-date. Yet Alibaba stock still isn’t that expensive, trading at about 26x 2018 EPS estimates. The Chinese e-commerce market offers a huge opportunity. A growing cloud business offers a secret weapon for Alibaba stock, as I argued back in February. Alibaba is guiding for 45-49% revenue growth in its fiscal 2018 (ending March), a staggering figure for a company that already has $26 billion in annual sales.   But the run in BABA stock has moderated over the past few months, and with some good reason. There are substantial risks to the stock at the moment that investors must consider. I’ve liked Alibaba stock for most of 2017, and argued the rewards were worth taking those risks. But with BABA stock having nearly doubled this year, I’m no longer convinced that’s the case. Even as it looks to expand beyond its home country, Alibaba remains a Chinese stock, and that creates its own potential problems. As Lucas Hahn detailed on this site, BABA stock doesn’t actually provide direct ownership of the company. Instead the so-called “variable interest entity” structure provides ownership of a Cayman Islands-based company that has a right to Alibaba’s profits. That in turn means that U.S. shareholders have no technical claim to many of the company’s assets, and no power over them. In this day and age, that’s not necessarily a deal breaker. Public shareholders in U.S. tech stocks like Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) have limited, if any, voting rights. But the complex structure of BABA stock, and of the entities it controls and acquires, raises significant risk. Well-known short seller Jim Chanos long has questioned the company’s accounting, though he covered his BABA short in January. And Alibaba remains the subject of an SEC investigation on that front. There’s a broader risk involved, too. At the end of the day, Alibaba still is the largest capitalist business in what remains a controlled, nominally Communist economy. BABA bulls argue that the company simply is too big, and too important, for the central government to restrict its growth. That’s likely true, but it’s not definitely true. While Alibaba is often (and somewhat erroneously) compared to Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), there’s a huge difference between being the e-commerce leader in the U.S. and being the e-commerce leader in China. Meanwhile, competition is on the way. Second-place JD.Com Inc (ADR) (NASDAQ:JD) steadily is taking market share, as Luce Emerson pointed out in August. JD also has a partnership with Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), which should further boost its supply-chain advantage. Amazon reportedly has ceded the Chinese market to Alibaba, but it also will stand in the way of any expansion beyond China. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-cautious/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://bzweekly.com/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-analysts-see-0-84-eps-2/



					

						October 31, 2017 - By Richard Conner
  Wall Street await Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) to release earnings on November, 1. Analysts forecast EPS of $0.84, up exactly $0.21 or 33.33 % from 2014’s $0.63 EPS. The expected BABA’s profit could reach $2.15B giving the stock 54.04 P/E in the case that $0.84 earnings per share is reported. After posting $0.94 EPS for the previous quarter, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd’s analysts now forecast -10.64 % negative EPS growth. The stock decreased 0.06% or $0.11 during the last trading session, reaching $181.58. About 132,759 shares traded. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has risen 57.33% since October 31, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 40.63% the S&P500. 

https://weeklyregister.com/as-alibaba-group-holding-baba-valuation-rose-dsm-capital-partners-llc-cut-its-stake/



					

						October 31, 2017 - By Darrin Black
 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/10/30/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-interesting-series-of-developments-taking-place-2/

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) is in the highlights and many would want to know whether now might be a good time for it to present much upside. Now trading with a market value of 436.22B, the company has a mix of catalysts and obstacles that spring from the nature of its operations. As the day-to-day narrative ebbs and flows for this company, it is more important than ever to step back and get a bird’s eye view of the fundamental reality under the surface of this story. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) Fundamentals That Matter It’s generally a good idea to start with the most fundamental piece of the picture: the balance sheet. The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For BABA, the company currently has 21.88 billion of cash on the books, which is offset by 2.43 billion in current liabilities. The trend over time is important to note. In this case, the company’s debt has been growing. The company also has 80.22 billion in total assets, balanced by 29.4 billion in total liabilities, which should give you a sense of the viability of the company under any number of imagined business contexts. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) saw 3.17 billion in free cash flow last quarter, representing a quarterly net change in cash of 205.22 million. Perhaps most importantly where cash movements are concerned, the company saw about 3.69 billion in net operating cash flow. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) Revenue Growth Potential As far as key trends that demonstrate something of the future investment potential of this stock, we need to take a closer look at the top line, first and foremost. Last quarter, the company saw 7.31 billion in total revenues. That represents a quarterly year/year change in revenues of 0.49 in sequential terms, the BABA saw sales decline by 0.31. But what about the bottom line? After all, that’s what really matters in the end. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) is intriguing when broken down to its core data. The cost of selling goods last quarter was 2.83 billion, yielding a gross basic income of 4.48 billion. For shareholders, given the total diluted outstanding shares of 2.6 billion, this means overall earnings per share of 0.82. Note, this compares with a consensus analyst forecast of 0.84 in earnings per share for its next fiscal quarterly report. 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Is Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) Valuation Attractive Looking ahead at valuations, according to the consensus, the next fiscal year is forecast to bring about 5.38 in total earnings per share. If we consider a median price to earnings ratio on the stock, that corresponds with a stock price of 26.02. However, one should always remember: the trends are more important than the forecasts. This continues to be an interesting story, and we look forward to updating it again soon on Alibaba Group Holding Limited. 

https://bzweekly.com/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-analysts-see-0-84-eps-2/



					

						October 31, 2017 - By Richard Conner
  Wall Street await Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) to release earnings on November, 1. Analysts forecast EPS of $0.84, up exactly $0.21 or 33.33 % from 2014’s $0.63 EPS. The expected BABA’s profit could reach $2.15B giving the stock 54.04 P/E in the case that $0.84 earnings per share is reported. After posting $0.94 EPS for the previous quarter, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd’s analysts now forecast -10.64 % negative EPS growth. The stock decreased 0.06% or $0.11 during the last trading session, reaching $181.58. About 132,759 shares traded. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has risen 57.33% since October 31, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 40.63% the S&P500. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/monday-vital-data-apple-inc-aapl-facebook-inc-fb-and-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba/

U.S. stock futures are headed lower this morning, as Wall Street catches its breath in the wake of last week’s blow-out gains. The earnings calendar is a bit thin this morning, but heavy hitters like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) will spice things up later in the week. Furthermore, October nonfarm payrolls will hit this Friday. Against this backdrop, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average are down 0.27%, S&P 500 futures have shed 0.23% and Nasdaq-100 futures have dipped 0.01%. On the options front, volume was extremely heavy on Friday, as some 23.8 million calls and 17.6 million puts crossed the tape yesterday. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio plunged to a two-month low of 0.55, prompting the 10-day moving average to tick lower to 0.65. Taking a closer look at Friday’s options activity, corporate earnings reports were the big driver among options traders. Apple attracted a preponderance of call activity ahead of its Thursday fiscal fourth-quarter report, with volume nearly tripling the stock’s daily average. Facebook’s volume was also more than double the average ahead of its trip to the earnings confessional on Wednesday. Finally, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) saw volume rise to about 1.5 times the average heading into its fiscal second-quarter report on Thursday.  AAPL stock options traders are pricing in a post-earnings move of about 3.75% this week. What’s more, the recent attention to calls has driven the weekly Nov 3 put/call open interest ratio steadily lower heading into the report. This reading now rests at 0.73, which is down considerably from its mid-October reading in the low 0.90s. Friday’s volume likely helped drive expectations higher for AAPL stock. Volume topped 977,000 contracts and nearly tripled Apple’s daily average. What’s more, calls made up 70% of the day’s take, indicating a rising bullish bias for AAPL stock. Diving into the numbers, Apple is expected to report a profit of $1.86 per share on revenue of $51.17 billion. That said, iPhone 8 sales figures will likely be a bigger driver for AAPL stock, as well as expectations for the iPhone X, which is already heavily backordered. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/monday-vital-data-apple-inc-aapl-facebook-inc-fb-and-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/monday-vital-data-apple-inc-aapl-facebook-inc-fb-and-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba/

U.S. stock futures are headed lower this morning, as Wall Street catches its breath in the wake of last week’s blow-out gains. The earnings calendar is a bit thin this morning, but heavy hitters like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) will spice things up later in the week. Furthermore, October nonfarm payrolls will hit this Friday. Against this backdrop, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average are down 0.27%, S&P 500 futures have shed 0.23% and Nasdaq-100 futures have dipped 0.01%. On the options front, volume was extremely heavy on Friday, as some 23.8 million calls and 17.6 million puts crossed the tape yesterday. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio plunged to a two-month low of 0.55, prompting the 10-day moving average to tick lower to 0.65. Taking a closer look at Friday’s options activity, corporate earnings reports were the big driver among options traders. Apple attracted a preponderance of call activity ahead of its Thursday fiscal fourth-quarter report, with volume nearly tripling the stock’s daily average. Facebook’s volume was also more than double the average ahead of its trip to the earnings confessional on Wednesday. Finally, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) saw volume rise to about 1.5 times the average heading into its fiscal second-quarter report on Thursday.  AAPL stock options traders are pricing in a post-earnings move of about 3.75% this week. What’s more, the recent attention to calls has driven the weekly Nov 3 put/call open interest ratio steadily lower heading into the report. This reading now rests at 0.73, which is down considerably from its mid-October reading in the low 0.90s. Friday’s volume likely helped drive expectations higher for AAPL stock. Volume topped 977,000 contracts and nearly tripled Apple’s daily average. What’s more, calls made up 70% of the day’s take, indicating a rising bullish bias for AAPL stock. Diving into the numbers, Apple is expected to report a profit of $1.86 per share on revenue of $51.17 billion. That said, iPhone 8 sales figures will likely be a bigger driver for AAPL stock, as well as expectations for the iPhone X, which is already heavily backordered. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/monday-vital-data-apple-inc-aapl-facebook-inc-fb-and-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171031005732/en/Alibaba-Group-Officially-Kicks-2017-11.11-Global


140,000 brands, 15 million quality products and half a billion 
      consumers around the world to take part in the 24-hour festival as the 
      New Retail experience unfolds
    SHANGHAI--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Alibaba Group (NYSE:BABA) officially kicked off its 11.11 Global 
      Shopping Festival today, announcing an array of promotional initiatives, 
      innovative consumer engagement features and unique entertainment that 
      will lead up to November 11. Since 2009, this has become the largest and 
      most anticipated online and mobile shopping festival in the world.
      
      The 11.11 Global Shopping Festival has evolved from a 24-hour online 
      sale into a 24-day festival season celebrated both online and offline. 
      Consumers around the world will enjoy promotions and offers from more 
      than 140,000 brands and 15 million product listings. For Chinese 
      consumers, who are increasingly aspiring for quality products and a 
      wider range of choice, more than 60,000 international brands will be 
      available to them across the Alibaba marketplaces.
     
      This year’s Festival will be the first time that merchants and consumers 
      experience New Retail, Alibaba’s drive to integrate online and offline 
      shopping experiences. Daniel Zhang, Alibaba Group CEO said: “The 11.11 
      Global Shopping Festival is a large-scale business collaboration 
      bringing together consumers, retailers, logistics companies, financial 
      institutions, online as well as offline stores and shopping centers 
      around the world. It is a grand stage for showcasing the New Retail 
      initiative pioneered by Alibaba.”
     
      This year’s event will feature:
     
New Retail: During the Festival, Alibaba will collaborate with 52 
      shopping malls to set up 60 New Retail-powered Pop-up Stores across 12 
      cities in China. Consumers can visit a pop-up store of a cosmetics 
      brand, for example, to experience an augmented reality (AR) lipstick 
      trial.
     
      Nearly 100,000 stores available in 31 provinces and 334 cities 
      throughout China will also be converted into “smart stores” to bring a 
      range of New Retail experiences such as facial recognition payment and 
      scan-and-deliver O2O shopping. New Retail will also be rolled out for 
      community stores such as Rural Taobao service centers and neighborhood 
      convenience stores.
     
Buy Globally, Sell Globally: More than 60,000 international 
      brands will be available across the Alibaba marketplaces. Participating 
      brands include Adidas, Bose, La Mer, L'Oréal, Mac, Mattel, Mondelez, 
      Nike, P&G, Shiseido, Siemens, Unilever, Uniqlo, Wyeth, Zara, and more.
     
      Through a new Tmall initiative inaugurated in June this year, 100 
      Chinese brands can sell globally, with a focus on the Southeast Asian 
      markets at the initial stage. Free shipping will be introduced to ten 
      countries during this year’s Festival to extend the global reach.
     
Consumer Engagement and Retail as Entertainment: This year, 
      Alibaba will continue to leverage its media and entertainment assets to 
      drive online consumption. Chris Tung, Alibaba Group’s Chief Marketing 
      Officer, said, “Alibaba Group’s 2017 11.11 Global Shopping Festival 
      brings consumers around the world a step closer to realizing the 
      aspirational life where entertainment and retail become one. Regardless 
      of their physical location, consumers will be able to participate in 
      more experiences than ever before this year, all showing the reality of 
      New Retail. We start today but this is a festival with nearly two weeks 
      of celebration and so many different ways to participate.”
     
About the 11.11 Global Shopping Festival
 
      The 11.11 shopping festival began in 2009 with participation from just 
      27 merchants as an event for merchants and consumers to raise awareness 
      of the value in online shopping. Last year, nearly 100,000 merchants 
      participated in the global shopping event, with consumers spending RMB 
      120.7 billion (USD 17.79 billion) during the 24-hour period. For 
      additional history and facts from last year’s festival, as well as the 
      latest news and updates on the 2017 11.11 Global Shopping Festival, 
      please visit Alizila: http://www.alizila.com
 
About Alibaba Group
 
      Alibaba Group’s mission is to make it easy to do business anywhere. The 
      company aims to build the future infrastructure of commerce. It 
      envisions that its customers will meet, work and live at Alibaba, and 
      that it will be a company that lasts at least 102 years.
     
 
APAC:Alibaba GroupCecilia Kwok, +852 9132 7709ceciliakwok@alibaba-inc.comorAlibaba 
      GroupShao Xiaoyi, +86 186 5817 0996shaoxiaoyi.sxy@alibaba-inc.comorAmericas:Alibaba 
      GroupBrion Tingler, +1 917 528 1992brion.tingler@alibaba-inc.comorEMEA:Alibaba 
      GroupMaja Hauke, +44 (0) 20 7 3958330maja.hauke@alibaba-inc.com
 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-205651094.html

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) saw a double-digit share price rise of over 10% in the past couple of months on the NYSE. As a large-cap stock with high coverage by analysts, you could assume any recent changes in the company’s outlook is already priced into the stock. However, what if the stock is still a bargain? Today I will analyse the most recent data on BABA’s outlook and valuation to see if the opportunity still exists. See our latest analysis for BABA According to my valuation model, the stock is currently overvalued by about 100%, trading at $177.32 compared to my intrinsic value of $88.68. This means that the opportunity to buy BABA at a good price has disappeared! If you like the stock, you may want to keep an eye out for a potential price decline in the future. Given that BABA’s share is fairly volatile (i.e. its price movements are magnified relative to the rest of the market) this could mean the price can sink lower, giving us another chance to buy in the future. This is based on its high beta, which is a good indicator for share price volatility. Investors looking for growth in their portfolio may want to consider the prospects of a company before buying its shares. Although value investors would argue that it’s the intrinsic value relative to the price that matter the most, a more compelling investment thesis would be high growth potential at a cheap price. BABA’s earnings over the next few years are expected to double, indicating a very optimistic future ahead. This should lead to stronger cash flows, feeding into a higher share value. Are you a shareholder? BABA’s optimistic future growth appears to have been factored into the current share price, with shares trading above its fair value. At this current price, shareholders may be asking a different question – should I sell? If you believe BABA should trade below its current price, selling high and buying it back up again when its price falls towards its real value can be profitable. But before you make this decision, take a look at whether its fundamentals have changed. Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on BABA for a while, now may not be the best time to enter into the stock. The price has surpassed its true value, which means there’s no upside from mispricing. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for BABA, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors in order to take advantage of the next price drop. Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Alibaba Group Holding. You can find everything you need to know about BABA in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Alibaba Group Holding, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential.  To help readers see pass the short term volatility of the financial market, we aim to bring you a long-term focused research analysis purely driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis does not factor in the latest price sensitive company announcements.   The author is an independent contributor and at the time of publication had no position in the stocks mentioned. 

