https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-nvda-rally-past-250-143702998.html

Shares of NVIDIA Corporation NVDA have been up more than 100% this year. This is a very good ride when, you, as an investor, intend to cash in on the gain. However, we would suggest you to think twice, as the stock has plenty of potential to ride higher and generate more solid returns over the next few months.Given the recent optimism surrounding the stock, we believe it is just a matter of some months that the stock will breach the $250 mark.In fact, the company, between its Q2 and Q3 earnings results (Oct 10 to Nov 9), gained approximately 25%. Therefore, given its splendid Q3 results, the $250 mark is still a conservative view, as this only represents a 15% upside from Friday’s closing price of $216.96.Shares of NVIDIA have gained a whopping 103.3% year to date (YTD). If you still haven’t taken advantage of this appreciation yet, this is the right time to add the stock to your portfolio. Notably, NVIDIA has substantially outperformed the industry to which it belongs to, which has gained 47.2% YTD.   Bullish Analysts’ View to Aid the UpsideMajority of analysts have been optimistic about NVIDIA’s performance since the beginning of 2017 and raising their target prices quarter after quarter. The latest to join this group is Mitch Steves of RBC Capital Markets, which raised its target price to $250 from $240.Mitch noted that the recent upgrade in target price is in the wake of NVIDIA’s recently reported overwhelming third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. He believes the stock is poised to carry this bullish momentum ahead, in turn boosting the company’s share price. Mitch in his note, which was covered by Marketwatch, wrote, "Overall, after a single quarter of out-performance the 2020 upside case increases by 10%."Moreover, Mitch stated that increasing use of cryptocurrencies is driving demand for NVIDIA’s GPUs, as it helps create digital currencies like Ethereum, Monero, Cash and bitcoin gold. He believes the company will continue to witness demand for its GPUs from miners.Other investment firms, which also raised their target price recently, include B. Riley and Mizuho. While B. Riley increased its target price to $270 from $250, Mizuho raised it to $225 from $220.Most analysts believe NVIDIA will dominate the Artificial Intelligence (AI) chip market in the near future, similar to its performance in the gaming and data center markets. A few months back, Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s analyst, Vivek Arya, and Evercore ISI’s analyst — C.J. Muse — noted that NVIDIA is well poised to dominate the AI market.Arya, in a note written to clients, had mentioned, “Similar to other large successful tech industries, we expect the $30bn AI chip market to also feature one dominant supplier – we think NVDA.” On the other hand, Muse noted that the company is well poised to get the “first-mover advantage” and will continue maintaining its sturdy presence in the AI training system.Bottom LineNVIDIA remains one of the best performers in the semiconductor space. Given the accelerated momentum in AI, gaming, datacenter and automotive technology, we believe this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock, with long-term EPS growth estimate of 11.2%, will continue to rally in the near term. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Many might argue that NVIDIA, with its hefty forward P/E valuation of 52.6x, compared with the industry average of 20.3x, is a risky bet. Nevertheless, we beg to differ as high valuations and increasing share prices do not necessarily indicate that the stock does not have much upside potential left.NVIDIA has grabbed attention with striking performances on the back of impressive earnings results and strong growth projections.Furthermore, with its continued efforts toward attaining robust position in several emerging industries such as AI, deep learning and driverless cars industry, NVIDIA has outpaced other competitors in the space, including Advanced Micro Devices AMD, Intel Corp. INTC and STMicroelectronics STM, in terms of growth.Therefore, we believe investing in this stock will yield promising returns for your portfolio in the short term.Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.It's not the one you think.See This Ticker Free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) : Free Stock Analysis Report STMicroelectronics N.V. (STM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Intel Corporation (INTC) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-nvda-rally-past-250-143702998.html

Shares of NVIDIA Corporation NVDA have been up more than 100% this year. This is a very good ride when, you, as an investor, intend to cash in on the gain. However, we would suggest you to think twice, as the stock has plenty of potential to ride higher and generate more solid returns over the next few months.Given the recent optimism surrounding the stock, we believe it is just a matter of some months that the stock will breach the $250 mark.In fact, the company, between its Q2 and Q3 earnings results (Oct 10 to Nov 9), gained approximately 25%. Therefore, given its splendid Q3 results, the $250 mark is still a conservative view, as this only represents a 15% upside from Friday’s closing price of $216.96.Shares of NVIDIA have gained a whopping 103.3% year to date (YTD). If you still haven’t taken advantage of this appreciation yet, this is the right time to add the stock to your portfolio. Notably, NVIDIA has substantially outperformed the industry to which it belongs to, which has gained 47.2% YTD.   Bullish Analysts’ View to Aid the UpsideMajority of analysts have been optimistic about NVIDIA’s performance since the beginning of 2017 and raising their target prices quarter after quarter. The latest to join this group is Mitch Steves of RBC Capital Markets, which raised its target price to $250 from $240.Mitch noted that the recent upgrade in target price is in the wake of NVIDIA’s recently reported overwhelming third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. He believes the stock is poised to carry this bullish momentum ahead, in turn boosting the company’s share price. Mitch in his note, which was covered by Marketwatch, wrote, "Overall, after a single quarter of out-performance the 2020 upside case increases by 10%."Moreover, Mitch stated that increasing use of cryptocurrencies is driving demand for NVIDIA’s GPUs, as it helps create digital currencies like Ethereum, Monero, Cash and bitcoin gold. He believes the company will continue to witness demand for its GPUs from miners.Other investment firms, which also raised their target price recently, include B. Riley and Mizuho. While B. Riley increased its target price to $270 from $250, Mizuho raised it to $225 from $220.Most analysts believe NVIDIA will dominate the Artificial Intelligence (AI) chip market in the near future, similar to its performance in the gaming and data center markets. A few months back, Bank of America Merrill Lynch’s analyst, Vivek Arya, and Evercore ISI’s analyst — C.J. Muse — noted that NVIDIA is well poised to dominate the AI market.Arya, in a note written to clients, had mentioned, “Similar to other large successful tech industries, we expect the $30bn AI chip market to also feature one dominant supplier – we think NVDA.” On the other hand, Muse noted that the company is well poised to get the “first-mover advantage” and will continue maintaining its sturdy presence in the AI training system.Bottom LineNVIDIA remains one of the best performers in the semiconductor space. Given the accelerated momentum in AI, gaming, datacenter and automotive technology, we believe this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock, with long-term EPS growth estimate of 11.2%, will continue to rally in the near term. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Many might argue that NVIDIA, with its hefty forward P/E valuation of 52.6x, compared with the industry average of 20.3x, is a risky bet. Nevertheless, we beg to differ as high valuations and increasing share prices do not necessarily indicate that the stock does not have much upside potential left.NVIDIA has grabbed attention with striking performances on the back of impressive earnings results and strong growth projections.Furthermore, with its continued efforts toward attaining robust position in several emerging industries such as AI, deep learning and driverless cars industry, NVIDIA has outpaced other competitors in the space, including Advanced Micro Devices AMD, Intel Corp. INTC and STMicroelectronics STM, in terms of growth.Therefore, we believe investing in this stock will yield promising returns for your portfolio in the short term.Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.It's not the one you think.See This Ticker Free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) : Free Stock Analysis Report STMicroelectronics N.V. (STM) : Free Stock Analysis Report Intel Corporation (INTC) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/are-options-traders-betting-on-a-big-move-in-nvidia-nvda-stock-cm885329

 Investors in NVIDIA Corporation NVDA  need to pay close attention to the stock based on moves in the options market lately. That is because the Jan 19, 2018 $30.00 Call had some of the highest implied volatility of all equity options today.  What is Implied Volatility?  Implied volatility shows how much movement the market is expecting in the future. Options with high levels of implied volatility suggest that investors in the underlying stocks are expecting a big move in one direction or the other. It could also mean there is an event coming up soon that may cause a big rally or a huge sell-off. However, implied volatility is only one piece of the puzzle when putting together an  options trading  strategy.  What do the Analysts Think?  Clearly, options traders are pricing in a big move for NVIDIA shares, but what is the fundamental picture for the company? Currently, NVIDIA is a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) in the Semiconductor - General industry that ranks in the Top 2% of our Zacks Industry Rank. Over the last 30 days, 11 analysts have increased their earnings estimates for the current quarter, while none have dropped their estimates. The net effect has taken our Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current quarter from 96 cents per share to $1.13 in that period. Given the way analysts feel about NVIDIA right now, this huge implied volatility could mean there's a trade developing. Oftentimes, options traders look for options with high levels of implied volatility to sell premium. This is a strategy many seasoned traders use because it captures decay. At expiration, the hope for these traders is that the underlying stock does not move as much as originally expected.  Looking to Trade Options?   Each week, our very own Dave Bartosiak gives his top options trades. Check out his recent live analysis and options trade for the NFLX earnings report completely free. See it here:  Bartosiak: Trading Netflix's (NFLX) Earnings with Options   or check out the embedded video below for more details:         Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research  Investors in NVIDIA Corporation NVDA  need to pay close attention to the stock based on moves in the options market lately. That is because the Jan 19, 2018 $30.00 Call had some of the highest implied volatility of all equity options today.  What is Implied Volatility?  Implied volatility shows how much movement the market is expecting in the future. Options with high levels of implied volatility suggest that investors in the underlying stocks are expecting a big move in one direction or the other. It could also mean there is an event coming up soon that may cause a big rally or a huge sell-off. However, implied volatility is only one piece of the puzzle when putting together an  options trading  strategy.  What do the Analysts Think?  Clearly, options traders are pricing in a big move for NVIDIA shares, but what is the fundamental picture for the company? Currently, NVIDIA is a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) in the Semiconductor - General industry that ranks in the Top 2% of our Zacks Industry Rank. Over the last 30 days, 11 analysts have increased their earnings estimates for the current quarter, while none have dropped their estimates. The net effect has taken our Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current quarter from 96 cents per share to $1.13 in that period. Given the way analysts feel about NVIDIA right now, this huge implied volatility could mean there's a trade developing. Oftentimes, options traders look for options with high levels of implied volatility to sell premium. This is a strategy many seasoned traders use because it captures decay. At expiration, the hope for these traders is that the underlying stock does not move as much as originally expected.  Looking to Trade Options?   Each week, our very own Dave Bartosiak gives his top options trades. Check out his recent live analysis and options trade for the NFLX earnings report completely free. See it here:  Bartosiak: Trading Netflix's (NFLX) Earnings with Options   or check out the embedded video below for more details:       
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/12/04/reliable-long-term-trend-to-profit-from-nvidia-corporation-nvda-regions-financial-corporation-rf/

The shares of NVIDIA Corporation have increased by more than 85.20% this year alone. The shares recently went down by -1.51% or -$3.03 and now trades at $197.68. The shares of Regions Financial Corporation (NYSE:RF), has jumped by 15.95% year to date as of 12/01/2017. The shares currently trade at $16.65 and have been able to report a change of 6.94% over the past one week. The stock of NVIDIA Corporation and Regions Financial Corporation were two of the most active stocks on Friday. Investors seem to be very interested in what happens to the stocks of these two companies but do investors favor one over the other? We will analyze the growth, profitability, risk, valuation, and insider trends of both companies and see which one investors prefer. Next 5Y EPS Growth: 15.45% versus 11.76% When a company is able to grow consistently in terms of earnings at a high compound rate have the highest likelihood of creating value for its shareholders over time. Analysts have predicted that NVDA will grow it’s earning at a 15.45% annual rate in the next 5 years. This is in contrast to RF which will have a positive growth at a 11.76% annual rate. This means that the higher growth rate of NVDA implies a greater potential for capital appreciation over the years. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Profitability and Returns Growth alone cannot be used to see if the company will be valuable. Shareholders will be the losers if a company invest in ventures that aren’t profitable enough to support upbeat growth. In order for us to accurately measure profitability and return, we will be using the EBITDA margin and Return on Investment (ROI), which balances the difference in capital structure. NVDA has an EBITDA margin of 34.6%, this implies that the underlying business of RF is more profitable. The ROI of NVDA is 19.80% while that of RF is 14.10%. These figures suggest that NVDA ventures generate a higher ROI than that of RF. Cash Flow  
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The value of a stock is ultimately determined by the amount of cash flow that the investors have available. Over the last 12 months, NVDA’s free cash flow per share is a positive 14.04. Liquidity and Financial Risk The ability of a company to meet up with its short-term obligations and be able to clear its longer-term debts is measured using Liquidity and leverage ratios. The debt ratio of NVDA is 0.32 compared to 0.28 for RF. NVDA can be able to settle its long-term debts and thus is a lower financial risk than RF. Valuation NVDA currently trades at a forward P/E of 41.92, a P/B of 18.77, and a P/S of 13.06 while RF trades at a forward P/E of 14.70, a P/B of 1.25, and a P/S of 4.91. This means that looking at the earnings, book values and sales basis, RF is the cheaper one. It is very obvious that earnings are the most important factors to investors, thus analysts are most likely to place their bet on the P/E. Analyst Price Targets and Opinions The mistake some people make is that they think a cheap stock has more value to it. In order to know the value of a stock, there is need to compare its current price to its likely trading price in the future. The price of NVDA is currently at a -6.5% to its one-year price target of 211.43. Looking at its rival pricing, RF is at a 3.22% relative to its price target of 16.13. This figure implies that over the next one year, RF is a better investment. When looking at the investment recommendation on say a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell), NVDA is given a 2.30 while 2.90 placed for RF. This means that analysts are more bullish on the outlook for RF stocks. Insider Activity and Investor Sentiment Short interest or otherwise called the percentage of a stock’s tradable shares currently being shorted is another data that investors use to get a handle on sentiment. The short ratio for NVDA is 0.92 while that of RF is just 2.00. This means that analysts are more bullish on the forecast for NVDA stock. Conclusion The stock of Regions Financial Corporation defeats that of NVIDIA Corporation when the two are compared, with RF taking 5 out of the total factors that were been considered. RF happens to be more profitable, generates a higher ROI, has higher cash flow per share, higher liquidity and has a lower financial risk. When looking at the stock valuation, RF is the cheaper one on an earnings, book value and sales basis. Finally, the sentiment signal for RF is better on when it is viewed on short interest. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/12/04/nvidia-corporation-nvda-receives-outperform-rating-from-royal-bank-of-canada.html


					Posted by Tatum Peregrin on Dec 4th, 2017 // No Comments  NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating restated by equities researchers at Royal Bank Of Canada in a note issued to investors on Friday, November 17th, MarketBeat Ratings reports. They presently have a $250.00 price objective on the computer hardware maker’s stock, up from their prior price objective of $240.00. Royal Bank Of Canada’s target price would suggest a potential upside of 26.47% from the stock’s current price. Several other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. B. Riley  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $200.00 price target (up previously from $135.00) on shares of NVIDIA in a report on Monday, August 7th. Stifel Nicolaus  reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $110.00 price objective on shares of NVIDIA in a research report on Friday, August 11th. MKM Partners  reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $120.00 price objective (up previously from $106.00) on shares of NVIDIA in a research report on Monday, August 14th. Susquehanna Bancshares  reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $140.00 price objective on shares of NVIDIA in a research report on Wednesday, August 16th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein  restated an “outperform” rating on shares of NVIDIA in a research report on Saturday, September 23rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued  a hold rating, twenty-four have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. NVIDIA  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $187.38. NVIDIA (NASDAQ NVDA) opened at $197.68 on Friday. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.31, a current ratio of 8.26 and a quick ratio of 7.42. The stock has a market cap of $119,794.08, a PE ratio of 48.69, a P/E/G ratio of 4.28 and a beta of 1.18. NVIDIA has a 12 month low of $85.12 and a 12 month high of $218.67.  NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $1.33 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.39. NVIDIA had a net margin of 28.78% and a return on equity of 42.71%. The firm had revenue of $2.64 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.36 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.94 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 31.5% on a year-over-year basis.  analysts anticipate that  NVIDIA will post 4.13 earnings per share for the current year.  In other news, CFO Colette Kress sold 22,808 shares of NVIDIA stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $185.31, for a total value of $4,226,550.48. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Dawn E. Hudson sold 3,052 shares of NVIDIA stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $214.39, for a total value of $654,318.28. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 28,816 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,177,862.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 425,175 shares of company stock valued at $77,696,879. 5.17% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders.  Several institutional investors and hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Welch Investments LLC purchased a new stake in  NVIDIA during the third quarter worth approximately $104,000.  Evercore Wealth Management LLC lifted its stake in  NVIDIA by 36.9% during the second quarter. Evercore Wealth Management LLC now owns 765 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $110,000 after purchasing an additional 206 shares during the last quarter.  TB Alternative Assets Ltd. purchased a new stake in  NVIDIA during the second quarter worth approximately $116,000.  Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. lifted its stake in  NVIDIA by 0.7% during the second quarter. Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. now owns 822 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $119,000 after purchasing an additional 6 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Edge Advisors LLC lifted its stake in  NVIDIA by 98.8% during the third quarter. Edge Advisors LLC now owns 835 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $149,000 after purchasing an additional 415 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  63.51% of the company’s stock.  WARNING: This article was first  reported by The Ledger Gazette and is the property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/12/04/nvidia-corporation-nvda-receives-outperform-rating-from-royal-bank-of-canada.html.  NVIDIA Company Profile Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users.   Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.thelincolnianonline.com/2017/12/04/van-eck-associates-corp-purchases-45463-shares-of-nvidia-corporation-nvda-updated.html


					Posted by Donald Scott | Dec 4th, 2017
 Van ECK Associates Corp raised its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) by 23.8% during the 3rd quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 236,505 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock after acquiring an additional 45,463 shares during the quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp’s holdings in NVIDIA were worth $42,280,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.  A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in NVDA. Janus Henderson Group PLC raised its stake in shares of  NVIDIA by 5,424.4% during the 2nd quarter. Janus Henderson Group PLC now owns 4,096,888 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $592,244,000 after buying an additional 4,022,728 shares during the last quarter.  Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of  NVIDIA by 7.1% in the 2nd quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 40,257,187 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $5,819,579,000 after purchasing an additional 2,676,976 shares in the last quarter.  Jackson Square Partners LLC purchased a new position in shares of  NVIDIA in the 2nd quarter valued at about $229,323,000.  Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in shares of  NVIDIA by 19.3% in the 2nd quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 4,758,793 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $687,931,000 after purchasing an additional 768,200 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Quantitative Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of  NVIDIA by 3,194.2% in the 2nd quarter. Quantitative Investment Management LLC now owns 678,600 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $98,098,000 after purchasing an additional 658,000 shares in the last quarter. 63.51% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  In other news, Director A Brooke Seawell sold 1,029 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $214.10, for a total transaction of $220,308.90. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 1,029 shares in the company, valued at $220,308.90. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, insider Jen Hsun Huang sold 110,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, September 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $166.08, for a total transaction of $18,268,800.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 425,175 shares of company stock valued at $77,696,879 in the last quarter. Insiders own  5.17% of the company’s stock.  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) opened at $197.68 on Monday. The company has a quick ratio of 7.42, a current ratio of 8.26 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.31. NVIDIA Corporation has a 12 month low of $85.12 and a 12 month high of $218.67. The stock has a market cap of $119,794.08, a price-to-earnings ratio of 48.69, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 4.28 and a beta of 1.18.  NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $1.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.39. NVIDIA had a net margin of 28.78% and a return on equity of 42.71%. The company had revenue of $2.64 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.36 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.94 earnings per share. NVIDIA’s revenue for the quarter was up 31.5% on a year-over-year basis.  equities research analysts forecast that  NVIDIA Corporation will post 4.13 EPS for the current fiscal year.  The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, November 24th will be paid a dividend of $0.15 per share. This is an increase from NVIDIA’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.14. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, November 22nd. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.30%. NVIDIA’s dividend payout ratio  is 14.89%.  Several research firms have commented on NVDA. Vetr upgraded NVIDIA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $176.95 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, September 6th. Needham & Company LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of NVIDIA in a research note on Friday, August 11th. Citigroup  restated a “buy” rating and set a $210.00 target price (up from $185.00) on shares of NVIDIA in a report on Friday, September 29th. Bank of America  set a $210.00 target price on NVIDIA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, October 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group  restated a “buy” rating and set a $180.00 target price on shares of NVIDIA in a report on Thursday, August 10th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating, twenty-four have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. NVIDIA currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $187.38. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) Shares Bought by Van ECK Associates Corp” was  published by The Lincolnian Online and is the sole property of of The Lincolnian Online. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.thelincolnianonline.com/2017/12/04/van-eck-associates-corp-purchases-45463-shares-of-nvidia-corporation-nvda-updated.html.  About NVIDIA Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users.   Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Corporate%2BNews/NVIDIA%2B%2528NVDA%2529%2BExpands%2BAI%2BStartup%2BPortfolio%2Bwith%2BInvestments%2Bin%2BThree%2BData%2BScience%2BCompanies/13556075.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/why-nvidia-corporation-stock-is-unstoppable/

Source: Shutterstock Going into 2017, there was certainly lots of optimism with Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA). Yet many investors underestimated the tremendous momentum. For the year so far, NVDA stock has pulled off a sizzling return of over 100%. Note that the company is now the third-largest chip company in the world. Its market cap is currently at $128 billion. This achievement makes CEO and co-founder Jensen Huang one of the top players in the tech world. Early on, he understood the power of GPUs (graphics processing units), which would ultimately be ideal for the mega-trend of AI (artificial intelligence). After all, this technology allows for tremendous processing power at relatively low costs. But Huang also was strategic in how he evolved his company and focused on disciplined execution. In fact, the latest earnings report highlights this. In the quarter, revenues jumped by 32% to $2.64 billion, and earnings increased by 60% to $1.33 per share. The Street, on the other hand, was looking for revenues of $2.36 billion and earnings of 94 cents a share. However, when you drill down on the numbers, you’ll see how Nvidia is being powered across several key markets, all of which have long-term potential. Here’s a look at these key markets. Datacenter: This has become the focal point of AI. Companies like Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are aggressively building consumer-facing apps and devices that require next-generation infrastructures. For the most part, this has resulted in accelerated sales of NVDA’s Volta GPU. It’s a chipset that has been adopted by every major internet and cloud service provider. Consider that some of the recent customers include biggies like Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA), Tencent Holdings Ltd (OTCMKTS:TCEHY) and Baidu Inc (NASDAQ:BIDU). But of course, NVDA has continued to innovate its offerings. To this end, there is the TensorRT inference acceleration platform, which is focused on the fast-growing hyperscale cloud market. Already more than 1,200 customers have signed on, including Google, BIDU, AMZN, MSFT and JD.Com Inc (ADR) (NASDAQ:JD). Gaming: Even though this is a mature market category, the growth continues at a robust pace. During the latest quarter, revenues rose by 25% to $1.56 billion. It appears that a nice catalyst has come from the sales of the popular Nintendo Switch. But there has also been a lift from collaborations with Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATVI), such as with the Density 2 title. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/why-nvidia-corporation-stock-is-unstoppable/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/30/what-the-technicals-say-about-nvidia-corporation-nvda-3/

Latest evolution in the price of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stock has been one of the most talked about matter among the interested investors. At the end of the day, it’s only a stock’s performance that matters. With this in mind, it’s worth taking a look at the chart to get a sense of where it might be headed in the future. How has the stock performed recently? NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) in the last month has decreased -5.02%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and outperformed a peer group of similar companies by 226%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $196.42, NVDA sits below its 52-week high. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has been trading in a bullish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that NVDA may be headed in the future. In order to predict this, technical analysts look at momentum indicators, which measure the speed and magnitude of these price movements. The idea is that as momentum slows, it may signal the approach of key support or resistance levels and a reversal of recent trends. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for NVDA is 44.98%, which suggests that the stock is not particularly expensive or cheap, and not predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 50.22%, tells a similar story, and suggests that NVDA currently trades in neutral territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? Volume patterns are useful for gauging the level of conviction behind price changes, and can be used to make predictions about future price movements. A sudden increase in a stock’s activity can be a sign that investors are trading in anticipation of a catalyst, or that investors feel very strongly in one way or the other about the future direction of a stock. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) average trading volume of 13,758,640 during the past month is 21.46% below its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been less active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? NVDA is currently undervalued by -7.1% relative to the average 1-year price target of $211.43 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 2.30, which implies that analysts are generally neutral in their outlook for NVDA over the next year. How risky is the stock?  In order to put NVDA’s recent price performance into context, we need to get a sense of how the stock moves in relation to the overall market. Beta, which measures a stock’s price volatility relative to the market, provides the cleanest measure of systematic risk for a stock. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has a beta of 1.19, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are more extreme than the market as a whole. NVDA therefore has a above average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, NVDA average daily volatility was 40.59%, which is -6.55 percentage points higher than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/30/how-does-nvidia-corporation-nvda-stack-up-right-now-13/

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Semiconductor – Specialized. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $196.42, down from yesterday’s close by -6.78%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis Money managers are always interested in a company that can find the right recipe of fundamental data because it reflects something important going on underneath the surface. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) currently trades with a market capitalization of $117.92 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 31.54 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For NVDA, the company currently has $2.8 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $28 Million current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $2.64 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to fall in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $1.15 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 66.94% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis It’s important to check the technicals to get a sense of how NVDA has been acting. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, NVIDIA Corporation recorded a 52-week high of $218.67. It is now trading 22.25% off that level. The stock is trading $197.46 its 50-day moving average by 1.04%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $84.77. In recent action, NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) has made a move of -5.02% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.48, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 2.21% with $578.75 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of NVDA. 

