https://investorplace.com/2017/11/aapl-stock-way-expensive/

If you’ve been long Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), life is looking pretty swell for you. For starters, the AAPL stock price is up over 30% from this January’s opening session. This easily makes Apple one of the best performing names in the Dow Jones index. Furthermore, excitement is brewing over the upcoming iPhone X, with shares driving up 6% over the past few days. For any other investment, this would be considered an all-around positive sign. And I’m not necessarily suggesting that bad times are looming for AAPL stock. Certainly, Apple has been one of the best buys in this century. At the same time, dominance, especially in the volatile consumer-electronics sector, is incredibly difficult to maintain. A misstep could put you quickly behind, and it could take years to make up the deficit. So far, the winds are shifting favorably for the AAPL stock price. Early indications for iPhone X demand is “off the charts,” to borrow a phrase from InvestorPlace contributor Bret Kenwell. Apple is pushing the current consumer economy’s boundaries, testing the appetite for four-digit price-tagged smartphone. Pre-order numbers apparently justify bullishness towards company shares. And have no doubt: people are climbing aboard the Apple train. For at least the last several months, no covering analyst was bearish on the AAPL stock price. Furthermore, the allocation of bullish analysts to fence-sitters improved from 73% in July to 81% in October. Many investors will apply the logic that if professionals love it, so should everyone else. Maybe that’s true. But in an environment as fickle as electronics, the elevated AAPL stock price is a tad too risky to engage. First, I’m not the smartphone market’s biggest fan. Whether the latest device comes from Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG,NASDAQ:GOOGL), Samsung Electronics (OTCMKTS:SSNLF), Nokia Oyj (ADR) (NYSE:NOK) and everything in between, it’s all the same thing after a while. The industry’s sales growth tells you all you need to know. Since 2015, U.S. smartphone sales have only grown by single-digit percentage points. Contrast this image with the years 2010 and 2011, when smartphone revenues gained a 53% year-over-year average. Proponents of AAPL stock will claim that the iPhone is different. Is it? Last time I checked, the iPhone 8 doesn’t look too hot because it’s a rehash of the iPhone 7. The bulls will then say, it’s the iPhone X, stupid! But is the “ocho” really supposed to underperform? Let’s back up here and think logically. Why would Apple invest in a throwaway product when they can simply go with what works? Even if the purpose was to hedge iPhone X sales, it’s a mighty big production risk. I’m fairly certain people wouldn’t want to justify the AAPL stock price if the company isn’t making legitimate efforts to move all their products. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/aapl-stock-way-expensive/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/10/31/taking-a-look-at-the-data-behind-apple-inc-aapl-6/

Apple Inc. (AAPL) is an interesting player in the Consumer Goods space, with a focus on Electronic Equipment. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $166.72, up from yesterday’s close by 2.25%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis No amount of research is complete without a bird’s eye view of the financial data. Apple Inc. (AAPL) currently trades with a market capitalization of $866.13 Billion. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For AAPL, the company currently has $17.68 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $18.48 Billion current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $51.51 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $1.87 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 61.64% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis We’ve taken a serious look at this stock from a fundamental perspective, but the tale of the tape may offer more hints about what lies under the surface. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Apple Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $164.94. It is now trading -1.78% off that level. The stock is trading $158.06 its 50-day moving average by -8.66%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $104.08. In recent action, Apple Inc. (AAPL) has made a move of +8.39% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 22.23, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.66% with $5.16 Billion sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of AAPL. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-inc-aapl-stock-keeper-120824598.html

Everyone was looking forward to the new iPhone 8 and 8 Plus from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). After introducing the two phones, AAPL unveiled the iPhone X. Source: Shutterstock All of them are gorgeous devices, without a doubt. But not everyone is onboard with upgrading. I was like many others, holding onto an iPhone 6, waiting for something to really change my mind. I thought, if the 8 is amazing, I will get it. If it feels “meh” I’ll buy the 7 which will now be at a discount. While demand is “off the charts” for iPhone X so far, the 8 isn’t looking too hot. Like many others, I thought the 8 and X would lead to an iPhone super-cycle. It still probably will. But in the short-term, there could be some struggle. In the fiscal third quarter, the iPhone 8/8 Plus represented just 16% of sales, according to surveys. Consider that the 7/7 Plus represented 43% of sales in a similar period, while the 6/6 Plus stood at 46%. Because the iPhone X was not available, this could lead to a disappointment in sales, earnings and margins in the short-term. InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips The jump from the 6 and 6S to the 7 was notable. But the improvements from the iPhone 7 to iPhone 8 aren’t, really. The 8’s processor is faster, supports (but does not come standard) with wireless charging and it has some cool photo software. But the battery life, camera quality, weight and size don’t really improve from the 7. Plus, a lot of people remain skeptical of the 8’s glass back as opposed to the metal backing of the 7. In all, why pay $699 for an iPhone 8 if you can get the very similar iPhone 7 for $549? Further, for a similar price to the iPhone 8, consumers can get the 7 Plus, or the 7 with more memory. Decluttr, a technology recycling site, has already noted a sharp increase in iPhone 8/8 Plus trade-ins. This is unusual, given that the device just came out. Admittedly though, Apple also doesn’t typically release a standard, plus and super model in the same cycle, either. It’s good news in that there is obvious pent-up demand for the more expensive iPhone X. It’s bad news in the sense that these consumers are finding that the iPhone 8 (apparently) wasn’t worth the purchase. While there are risks with the iPhone 8, the iPhone X looks promising. With a starting price target of $999 and obvious demand for the new device, Apple’s average selling price (ASP) should be elevated quite a bit. The risk here is that the iPhone 8/8 Plus is a dud, from a sales perspective, as consumers opt for either the iPhone X or the iPhone 7/7 Plus. Perhaps between the low-priced iPhone 7 and the high-priced iPhone X, these ASPs will still drift higher over time. In fact, they very well should move higher given that a $999 iPhone (starting price) has never been available.   It might take time to get there, though. According to recent reports, Apple has had production issues with the iPhone X. Those reports suggest AAPL will ship just 20 million units in 2017, half of what it originally planned. That’s bad news for the bulls who were looking for a mega-holiday quarter. For those who think longer than quarter-to-quarter though, Apple should be just fine.  Click to Enlarge Given these new realities, strength for the iPhone 7/7 Plus and production issues for the iPhone X, AAPL stock has actually been trading well. AAPL stock price today is just $2 away from its all-time high near $165. However, AAPL earnings are due up on Nov. 2, where investors will get a big look at how iPhone sales are coming along. Over the short-term, there could be risk to Apple stock. But do keep in mind how this tech behemoth has weathered the storm before. It will sort out any production issues. After all, that was Tim Cook’s specialty before becoming CEO. It still has the iPad, Mac and Apple Watch, all of which should do well through the holidays and ever-important fourth quarter. There’s still the AAPL dividend yield of 1.55% to collect. Revenue, earnings and cash flow won’t be an issue over the long term. Might it come up a little short or more volatile than investors expect this quarter? Sure. And could AAPL stock find itself back in the $140s? Of course. But long-term investors don’t need to think too hard about whether to buy that dip or not. The truth is, there’s a massive upgrade cycle and it’s finally here. Whether consumers are buying the iPhone 7, 8 or X, ASPs should increase, along with margins and earnings. Apple will be fine and investors don’t have to worry about Samsung Electronic (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) or Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL, NASDAQ:GOOG) taking share. Bret Kenwell is the manager and author of Future Blue Chips and is on Twitter @BretKenwell. As of this writing, Bret Kenwell did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. The post Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Keeper, Even After Lackluster iPhone Launch appeared first on InvestorPlace. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/apple-inc-aapl-stock-free-earnings/

Last week ended with a bang for the mega-cap stocks like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). The bulls on Wall Street rejoiced from the Thursday earnings that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) delivered. These two delivered astounding stats that promised much more upside potential ahead. In sympathy, AAPL stock rallied almost 4% in anticipation of its earnings, which are due out this week. Though the reactions last week were inspiring, they are not guarantees of similar results this week. I believe that the short-term reaction to the earnings event is a complete coin flip. Regardless of the quality of the quarter, we don’t know what management will say nor do we know how traders will react. Case in point, Baidu Inc (ADR) (NASDAQ:BIDU) reported a great quarter and the stock fell 7% yet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) delivered a stinker and the stock flipped from -6% to +2% that day. Long term, fundamentals will eventual prevail but when trading options, time is a luxury that is fleeting. Today, I want to bet on the long-term viability of AAPL. This is the cream of the crop when it comes to corporations. It sells out of every widget it produces and it has a loyal clientele that doesn’t mind over paying for the perceived superiority of its products. They self-admit that they are stuck in the Apple ecosystem. I personally don’t get it, but it works for AAPL. In spite of my optimism for the stock here, I remain outspokenly critical of Tim Cook. I think he will ruin this gem of a company if he doesn’t change his way. The Long-term debt to equity is headed in the wrong direction, which I don’t mind if the money is being used in growth instead of financial engineering. I think shareholders will be better off if Cook would invested in new ventures. It is my personal opinion that GOOGL and AMZN both are setting their future prospects better than Tim Cook. They both have several new ventures that will be massive cash cows soon. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/apple-inc-aapl-stock-free-earnings/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://9to5mac.com/2017/10/30/aapl-ihone-x-tdk-foster-electric-taiyo-yuden/

October 30 AAPL: 166.72 

Ben Lovejoy

 
							- Oct. 30th 2017 5:37 am PT
								
@benlovejoy
 @benlovejoy Investors were clearly enthused by Apple’s statement that demand for the iPhone X was ‘off the charts,’ AAPL stock rising 3.58% on the news … 

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
NordVPN Reuters reports that three Japanese firms have also enjoyed some of the benefit, share prices rising despite a weak financial market in the country. Japanese Apple suppliers outperformed, with TDK Corp gaining 0.7 percent and Foster Electric rising 1.1 percent, and Taiyo Yuden surging 0.9 percent. The gains might seem comparatively modest, but they are set against a backdrop of general Nikkei nervousness following underperforming banks and ‘caution ahead of major central bank meetings this week.’ It’s common for Apple suppliers to experience their own share gains on the back of positive Apple news. We saw the same thing back in August when the iPhone maker reported decent Q3 results and gave strong Q4 guidance. We have just a few days to go before we find out whether Apple’s fiscal Q4 (calendar Q3) lived up to expectations as the company reports its earnings on November 2. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:  AAPL Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. Apple's bezel-less, premium 10th anniversary smartphone. 
@benlovejoy
 Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. iPhone X first impression roundup Video: What’s new in iOS 11.2 beta 1 Apple Watch may have 'display edge stripes' issue iOS 11.2 introduces 'SiriKit for HomePod' 

https://weekherald.com/2017/10/30/traders-sell-shares-of-apple-inc-aapl-on-strength-aapl.html


					Posted by Samantha Guadardo on Oct 30th, 2017 // No Comments  Investors sold shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) on strength during trading hours on Monday. $1,527.84 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $1,576.82 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $48.98 million out of the stock. Of all equities tracked, Apple had the 6th highest net out-flow for the day. Apple traded up $3.67 for the day and closed at $166.72 AAPL has been the topic of a number of analyst reports. Vetr upgraded shares of Apple from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $173.06 price objective on the stock in a research report on Friday, September 22nd. Rosenblatt Securities  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $150.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Sunday, October 15th. Nomura  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $165.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. Bank of America Corporation  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $180.00 price objective on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, September 26th. Finally, Pacific Crest upgraded shares of Apple from a “sector weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $187.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, October 16th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and forty-five have issued  a buy rating to the company. Apple  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $193.05. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $156.87 and its 200-day moving average is $152.95. The company has a market capitalization of $861.15 billion, a PE ratio of 18.93 and a beta of 1.27.  Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, August 1st. The iPhone maker reported $1.67 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.57 by $0.10. Apple had a net margin of 20.87% and a return on equity of 35.40%. The business had revenue of $45.41 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $44.94 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.42 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 7.2% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Apple Inc. will post $9.00 EPS for the current fiscal year.  In related news, CEO Timothy D. Cook sold 268,623 shares of Apple stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, August 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $160.63, for a total value of $43,148,912.49. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 63,388 shares of Apple stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, October 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $154.21, for a total transaction of $9,775,063.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 541,177 shares of company stock worth $85,864,804 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own  0.08% of the company’s stock.  A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. boosted its stake in  Apple by 0.6% in the 2nd quarter. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. now owns 130,191,960 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $18,750,246,000 after purchasing an additional 834,854 shares in the last quarter.  Capital Research Global Investors boosted its stake in  Apple by 15.0% in the 2nd quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 29,449,961 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $4,241,383,000 after purchasing an additional 3,845,363 shares in the last quarter.  Legal & General Group Plc boosted its stake in  Apple by 3.0% in the 2nd quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 26,106,175 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $3,759,849,000 after purchasing an additional 771,046 shares in the last quarter.  Janus Henderson Group PLC boosted its stake in  Apple by 301.3% in the 2nd quarter. Janus Henderson Group PLC now owns 20,003,587 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $2,880,992,000 after purchasing an additional 15,018,790 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Swiss National Bank boosted its stake in  Apple by 1.5% in the 2nd quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 19,169,416 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $2,760,779,000 after purchasing an additional 275,400 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own  60.33% of the company’s stock.  ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first  published by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://weekherald.com/2017/10/30/traders-sell-shares-of-apple-inc-aapl-on-strength-aapl.html.  About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apple-inc-aapl-stock-keeper-120824598.html

Everyone was looking forward to the new iPhone 8 and 8 Plus from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). After introducing the two phones, AAPL unveiled the iPhone X. Source: Shutterstock All of them are gorgeous devices, without a doubt. But not everyone is onboard with upgrading. I was like many others, holding onto an iPhone 6, waiting for something to really change my mind. I thought, if the 8 is amazing, I will get it. If it feels “meh” I’ll buy the 7 which will now be at a discount. While demand is “off the charts” for iPhone X so far, the 8 isn’t looking too hot. Like many others, I thought the 8 and X would lead to an iPhone super-cycle. It still probably will. But in the short-term, there could be some struggle. In the fiscal third quarter, the iPhone 8/8 Plus represented just 16% of sales, according to surveys. Consider that the 7/7 Plus represented 43% of sales in a similar period, while the 6/6 Plus stood at 46%. Because the iPhone X was not available, this could lead to a disappointment in sales, earnings and margins in the short-term. InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips The jump from the 6 and 6S to the 7 was notable. But the improvements from the iPhone 7 to iPhone 8 aren’t, really. The 8’s processor is faster, supports (but does not come standard) with wireless charging and it has some cool photo software. But the battery life, camera quality, weight and size don’t really improve from the 7. Plus, a lot of people remain skeptical of the 8’s glass back as opposed to the metal backing of the 7. In all, why pay $699 for an iPhone 8 if you can get the very similar iPhone 7 for $549? Further, for a similar price to the iPhone 8, consumers can get the 7 Plus, or the 7 with more memory. Decluttr, a technology recycling site, has already noted a sharp increase in iPhone 8/8 Plus trade-ins. This is unusual, given that the device just came out. Admittedly though, Apple also doesn’t typically release a standard, plus and super model in the same cycle, either. It’s good news in that there is obvious pent-up demand for the more expensive iPhone X. It’s bad news in the sense that these consumers are finding that the iPhone 8 (apparently) wasn’t worth the purchase. While there are risks with the iPhone 8, the iPhone X looks promising. With a starting price target of $999 and obvious demand for the new device, Apple’s average selling price (ASP) should be elevated quite a bit. The risk here is that the iPhone 8/8 Plus is a dud, from a sales perspective, as consumers opt for either the iPhone X or the iPhone 7/7 Plus. Perhaps between the low-priced iPhone 7 and the high-priced iPhone X, these ASPs will still drift higher over time. In fact, they very well should move higher given that a $999 iPhone (starting price) has never been available.   It might take time to get there, though. According to recent reports, Apple has had production issues with the iPhone X. Those reports suggest AAPL will ship just 20 million units in 2017, half of what it originally planned. That’s bad news for the bulls who were looking for a mega-holiday quarter. For those who think longer than quarter-to-quarter though, Apple should be just fine.  Click to Enlarge Given these new realities, strength for the iPhone 7/7 Plus and production issues for the iPhone X, AAPL stock has actually been trading well. AAPL stock price today is just $2 away from its all-time high near $165. However, AAPL earnings are due up on Nov. 2, where investors will get a big look at how iPhone sales are coming along. Over the short-term, there could be risk to Apple stock. But do keep in mind how this tech behemoth has weathered the storm before. It will sort out any production issues. After all, that was Tim Cook’s specialty before becoming CEO. It still has the iPad, Mac and Apple Watch, all of which should do well through the holidays and ever-important fourth quarter. There’s still the AAPL dividend yield of 1.55% to collect. Revenue, earnings and cash flow won’t be an issue over the long term. Might it come up a little short or more volatile than investors expect this quarter? Sure. And could AAPL stock find itself back in the $140s? Of course. But long-term investors don’t need to think too hard about whether to buy that dip or not. The truth is, there’s a massive upgrade cycle and it’s finally here. Whether consumers are buying the iPhone 7, 8 or X, ASPs should increase, along with margins and earnings. Apple will be fine and investors don’t have to worry about Samsung Electronic (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) or Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL, NASDAQ:GOOG) taking share. Bret Kenwell is the manager and author of Future Blue Chips and is on Twitter @BretKenwell. As of this writing, Bret Kenwell did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. The post Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Keeper, Even After Lackluster iPhone Launch appeared first on InvestorPlace. 

https://qz.com/1115221/an-apple-aapl-engineer-has-reportedly-been-fired-after-his-daughters-iphone-x-review-from-inside-the-campus-went-viral/

Don’t cross Apple. The tech giant has reportedly fired one of its iPhone X engineers after his daughter released a hands-on video with the phone before its official release on Nov. 3. The video shows Brooke Amelia Peterson touring Apple’s California campus with her father when he tests the unreleased phone’s Apple pay feature and later hands it to her to tinker around. She shows off its new home page features and camera technology, and her dad gives a sneak peak of the new Animoji feature. In total, the hands-on lasted around 55 seconds and was quickly picked up by several Apple blogs, including 9to5Mac, which called it “probably our best look yet at the device in action.” Apple is notorious for its secrecy and anti-leaking culture. It strictly prohibits filming on its campus, and even more so, the filming of unreleased products. After the video went viral, Peterson removed the video, reportedly at Apple’s request, but it’s since been re-uploaded by other YouTube accounts. In a second video posted on her channel Oct. 28, Peterson revealed that Apple had since dismissed her father. Peterson said that she didn’t know her actions had violated Apple’s policies and that she had intended for the “little innocent video” to be “a fun memory of me and my family.” But the video also featured sensitive information beyond showing off the iPhone X before Apple was ready, including employee-only QR codes, as well as what The Verge suggests is a list of codenames for unreleased Apple products in the Notes app. (Apple wasn’t immediately available to confirm that Peterson’s father had been fired.) “At the end of the day, when you work for Apple it doesn’t matter how good of a person you are,” she said in her second video. “If you break a rule, they just have no tolerance. They had to do what they had to do.” Peterson also said that neither she nor her father felt resentment over Apple’s decision. “I’m not mad at Apple,” she added. “I’m not going to stop buying Apple products.” 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apos-ve-using-iphone-x-100000772.html

Hollis Johnson  I got to use the iPhone X only briefly when Apple unveiled it last month, but it was enough to convince me Apple was cooking up a hit. This week I got to spend more time with it, and I'm equally if not more impressed with what Apple pulled off. I've been using the iPhone X for a little less than a day, so I won't have a full review for you until early next week. But I do have a much better sense of how things work in the real world and outside the careful gaze of a bunch of Apple employees. Here are some first impressions after my roughly 18 hours with the iPhone X. The latest trend in smartphones is to cram as much screen onto the front of the phone as possible, with minimized bezels, or trim. Until now, the iPhone felt behind the times with its gargantuan size and relatively small screen. The iPhone X is a refreshing redesign. After over three years of essentially the same look, it's nice to see Apple make something radically different again. The best part is the screen. At 5.8 inches, it's slightly larger than the iPhone 8 Plus screen, but the iPhone X's body is only a little larger than the iPhone 8. For everyone avoiding the plus-size iPhones because of their surfboard-like construction, the X will strike the perfect balance. Hollis Johnson It's also the first iPhone screen to use OLED technology, which is more power efficient, has a higher resolution, and displays colors better. (Samsung phones have been using OLED screens for years, and they consistently put the iPhone to shame in that regard.) The X's screen is stunning, almost as if it's painted onto the phone. The back of the phone is made of glass, as with the iPhone 8, but it's tied together with a steel band around the edges instead of aluminum. I'm using the white/silver model, and the steel band has a nice chrome shine to it. I think it's more attractive than the space gray model. Of course, all that screen means Apple made another huge design change. There's no more home button. Instead, you swipe up from the bottom of the screen to return home. A bar floats at the bottom to help you see where you're supposed to swipe from. (I've been calling it the home bar.) It takes a little getting used to after 10 years of mashing a home button, but it eventually starts feeling natural. But some things on the front of the phone, like the camera, can't be replaced by software, which leads us to the new notch at the top of the screen. Hollis Johnson Boy oh boy did the iPhone X's notch trigger a bunch of angry nerds. Apple engineered the screen so that it wraps around the front-facing camera and all of its advanced sensors. (More on that in a bit.) It's a drastically different look than the iPhone screens you're used to, and it's easily the most polarizing design decision Apple has ever made. John Gruber, who runs the site Daring Fireball and is typically pro-Apple in his commentary, said the notch "offends" him. That's a pretty strong feeling to have about a phone screen. I don't mind the notch. In fact, I kind of like it, and I think it blends in nicely to the rest of the phone's software interface. The sides of the notch display the time, battery status, and Wi-Fi and cell signals. By default, photos and video don't bleed into the notch unless you double-tap them for a zoomed-in view. You barely notice the notch in most cases, and it looks especially nice when scrolling through apps like Twitter and Facebook. Unfortunately, I have a feeling tech pundits will debate the merits and drawbacks of the notch for the next several weeks. It will be insufferable. You've been warned. So far, the biggest drawback to the extra screen space and lack of home button has been third-party app design. Many of my apps haven't been redesigned for the new screen size, so they show up with thick black bars on the top and bottom to mimic the aspect ratio you'd get on a regular iPhone screen. It looks like a lot of wasted space. Other apps have been refitted for the iPhone X screen but have made a bunch of funky design choices. For example, some have large chunks of unused space at the bottom near the home bar. And I saw at least one app that showed the home bar bleeding into the menu icons at the bottom of the screen. I even saw large chunks of unused space at the bottom of the screen in some of Apple's own in-house apps, such as the iPhone's built-in Mail app, especially when the keyboard popped up. I have a feeling it will take a few months for developers to get used to the new screen size and shape, just as we saw when the iPhone screen got bigger on the iPhones 5 and 6. Hollis Johnson No home button also means there's no more Touch ID fingerprint sensor. Instead, the iPhone X uses a new facial-recognition system called Face ID. Face ID taps into the new front-facing camera and other sensors to accurately scan your face and securely store it as a mathematical representation. The iPhone X isn't even out yet, and Face ID is already the feature people seem to be the most worried about. Does it work in the dark? Is it creepy? Is it secure? Bloomberg even ran a scary story last week saying Apple told suppliers it could reduce the accuracy of Face ID to meet production goals, something Apple denied. To appease critics, Face ID will have to prove itself to be just as good as or better than Touch ID to justify removing the fingerprint sensor. In my short time with the iPhone X, Face ID has worked well. It unlocks the phone quickly in low light, bright light, the dim light of Business Insider's video studio, and even in a pitch-black closet. Hollis Johnson Better yet, it seems impossible to trick. I invited a set of identical twins to the office on Monday to put the facial-recognition system to the test. One of the twins programmed his face into Face ID, allowing him to unlock the phone with a glance. His twin brother, however, was locked out — he couldn't even trick the phone while wearing a hat and sunglasses. The two siblings told me that even some of their family members couldn't tell them apart, yet Face ID was able to map a face accurately enough to tell the difference. Face ID can also adapt as your face changes, such as if you grow a beard or wear a hat, glasses, or sunglasses. In fact, one of my bearded colleagues programmed his face and then shaved himself clean a few minutes later. Face ID caught on. He had to put in his passcode twice to confirm it was him, but after that Face ID learned who he was without having to be reprogrammed. Of course, I'll need to spend more time with Face ID to fully evaluate how well it works. But so far, so good. There's still a lot more to unpack here. The battery life. The accuracy of Face ID over time. Some of those funky app designs. The camera performance. And of course, there's the phone's $999 starting price tag — the highest Apple has ever put on an iPhone. So far, the phone feels worth the premium price, but a full verdict will require more testing. I'll have that and more in the coming days. For now, the iPhone X gives a great first impression. NOW WATCH: Unboxing the iPhone X: Here's everything inside and what you'll need to get See Also: SEE ALSO: Google built a Trojan Horse to get into every aspect of your life 

https://qz.com/1115221/an-apple-aapl-engineer-has-reportedly-been-fired-after-his-daughters-iphone-x-review-from-inside-the-campus-went-viral/

Don’t cross Apple. The tech giant has reportedly fired one of its iPhone X engineers after his daughter released a hands-on video with the phone before its official release on Nov. 3. The video shows Brooke Amelia Peterson touring Apple’s California campus with her father when he tests the unreleased phone’s Apple pay feature and later hands it to her to tinker around. She shows off its new home page features and camera technology, and her dad gives a sneak peak of the new Animoji feature. In total, the hands-on lasted around 55 seconds and was quickly picked up by several Apple blogs, including 9to5Mac, which called it “probably our best look yet at the device in action.” Apple is notorious for its secrecy and anti-leaking culture. It strictly prohibits filming on its campus, and even more so, the filming of unreleased products. After the video went viral, Peterson removed the video, reportedly at Apple’s request, but it’s since been re-uploaded by other YouTube accounts. In a second video posted on her channel Oct. 28, Peterson revealed that Apple had since dismissed her father. Peterson said that she didn’t know her actions had violated Apple’s policies and that she had intended for the “little innocent video” to be “a fun memory of me and my family.” But the video also featured sensitive information beyond showing off the iPhone X before Apple was ready, including employee-only QR codes, as well as what The Verge suggests is a list of codenames for unreleased Apple products in the Notes app. (Apple wasn’t immediately available to confirm that Peterson’s father had been fired.) “At the end of the day, when you work for Apple it doesn’t matter how good of a person you are,” she said in her second video. “If you break a rule, they just have no tolerance. They had to do what they had to do.” Peterson also said that neither she nor her father felt resentment over Apple’s decision. “I’m not mad at Apple,” she added. “I’m not going to stop buying Apple products.” 

