https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-baba-q2-earnings-top-151703482.html

Alibaba Group Holding Limited BABA is set to report second-quarter fiscal 2018 results on Nov 2. Last quarter, the Chinese e-Commerce giant delivered a positive earnings surprise of 25.81%. The surprise history has been good in Alibaba’s case. The company surpassed estimates ineach of the trailing four quarters, with an average four-quarter positive surprise of 12.16%. Coming to the price performance, on a year-to-date basis, the company’s shares have rallied 106.9% compared with the industry’s gain of 56.0%. Strength in Alibaba’s Core E-commerce Business This segment comprises marketplaces operating in retail and wholesale commerce in China, and international commerce. Revenues in the last-reported fiscal first quarter were RMB43.03 billion (US$6.3 billion), increasing 58% year over year. Revenues are expected to further increase driven by innovation in data technology, widespread application of big data and increasing validation for Taobao and Tmall portals. Strong Mobile Growth In the fiscal first quarter, Mobile Monthly Active Users (MAU) were 529 million, reflecting an increase of 24% year over year and 4% sequentially. The number is expected to further expand, driving revenues for the company. This is because of the increased adoption of mobile devices by consumers as the primary method of accessing Alibaba’s platforms.  Additionally, over the last few quarters, Alibaba has witnessed an increase in monetization rates. The company is building its online marketing inventory on both mobile and PC and is likely to continue to see higher monetization rates, thereby increasing the profits of the company. Growing Cloud Momentum In the last-reported fiscal first quarter, revenues were RMB2.43 billion (US$359 million), increasing 96% year over year. The number of paying customers of the cloud-computing business in the quarter was 1,011,000, reflecting an increase of 75% year over year and 16% sequentially. The figure is expected to further increase in the upcoming quarter driven by an increase in the number of paying customers and higher-than-usual spending by them, reflecting increased usage of services. Alibaba Group Holding Limited Price and EPS Surprise   Alibaba Group Holding Limited Price and EPS Surprise | Alibaba Group Holding Limited Quote What Our Model Says According to the Zacks model, a company with a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or #3 (Hold) has a good chance of beating estimates if it also has a positive Earnings ESP. Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or #5) are best avoided. Alibabahas a Zacks Rank #3 and an Earnings ESP of +2.52%, indicating a likely positive surprise. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. Stocks to Consider You could also consider the following stocks with a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank: NVIDIA Corp. NVDA, with an Earnings ESP of +0.53% and a Zacks Rank #1. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Texas Instruments Incorporated TXN, with an Earnings ESP of +0.42% and Zacks Rank #1. Extreme Networks, Inc., EXTR with an Earnings ESP of +9.75% and a Zacks Rank #3. Wall Street’s Next Amazon Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It’s a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius. Click for details >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-baba-q2-earnings-top-151703482.html

Alibaba Group Holding Limited BABA is set to report second-quarter fiscal 2018 results on Nov 2. Last quarter, the Chinese e-Commerce giant delivered a positive earnings surprise of 25.81%. The surprise history has been good in Alibaba’s case. The company surpassed estimates ineach of the trailing four quarters, with an average four-quarter positive surprise of 12.16%. Coming to the price performance, on a year-to-date basis, the company’s shares have rallied 106.9% compared with the industry’s gain of 56.0%. Strength in Alibaba’s Core E-commerce Business This segment comprises marketplaces operating in retail and wholesale commerce in China, and international commerce. Revenues in the last-reported fiscal first quarter were RMB43.03 billion (US$6.3 billion), increasing 58% year over year. Revenues are expected to further increase driven by innovation in data technology, widespread application of big data and increasing validation for Taobao and Tmall portals. Strong Mobile Growth In the fiscal first quarter, Mobile Monthly Active Users (MAU) were 529 million, reflecting an increase of 24% year over year and 4% sequentially. The number is expected to further expand, driving revenues for the company. This is because of the increased adoption of mobile devices by consumers as the primary method of accessing Alibaba’s platforms.  Additionally, over the last few quarters, Alibaba has witnessed an increase in monetization rates. The company is building its online marketing inventory on both mobile and PC and is likely to continue to see higher monetization rates, thereby increasing the profits of the company. Growing Cloud Momentum In the last-reported fiscal first quarter, revenues were RMB2.43 billion (US$359 million), increasing 96% year over year. The number of paying customers of the cloud-computing business in the quarter was 1,011,000, reflecting an increase of 75% year over year and 16% sequentially. The figure is expected to further increase in the upcoming quarter driven by an increase in the number of paying customers and higher-than-usual spending by them, reflecting increased usage of services. Alibaba Group Holding Limited Price and EPS Surprise   Alibaba Group Holding Limited Price and EPS Surprise | Alibaba Group Holding Limited Quote What Our Model Says According to the Zacks model, a company with a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or #3 (Hold) has a good chance of beating estimates if it also has a positive Earnings ESP. Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or #5) are best avoided. Alibabahas a Zacks Rank #3 and an Earnings ESP of +2.52%, indicating a likely positive surprise. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. Stocks to Consider You could also consider the following stocks with a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank: NVIDIA Corp. NVDA, with an Earnings ESP of +0.53% and a Zacks Rank #1. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Texas Instruments Incorporated TXN, with an Earnings ESP of +0.42% and Zacks Rank #1. Extreme Networks, Inc., EXTR with an Earnings ESP of +9.75% and a Zacks Rank #3. Wall Street’s Next Amazon Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It’s a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius. Click for details >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) : Free Stock Analysis Report Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-singles/

With sales growth projected to top 49% next year, and average nearly that through the end of this year, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) should be trading north of $200 by now. Lamentations about geopolitical woes and an overvalued U.S. stock market aside, Alibaba bulls are in for a treat this November. The Chinese e-commerce giant has not one, but two events that should drive the BABA stock price well north of $200 before December. The first such event occurs this Thursday morning, when Alibaba will step up to release its fiscal second-quarter earnings report. Analysts are projecting a 30% rise in earnings to $1.03 per share and a 52% spike in revenue to $7.85 billion. Those are some impressive numbers, to say the least. But projections could still be on the light side, as EarningsWhispers.com projects a whisper number of $1.10 per share. Given that Alibaba has a habit of routinely blowing out Wall Street’s expectations, a whisper number beat could be in the cards this Thursday. If a strong earnings performance wasn’t enough, Singles Day takes place on Nov 11. This regional holiday is bigger than Black Friday for the Chinese e-commerce giant. This year, Alibaba has access to a plethora of U.S. retailers and is planning a “Retail as entertainment” event as well as a “See Now, Buy Now” fashion show to kick off this online shopping extravaganza. Last year, consumers spent the equivalent of $17.79 billion on Singles Day, making it bigger than both Black Friday and Cyber Monday. And Alibaba is front and center for the event. A look at sentiment heading into November reveals a heavy bullish bias from the brokerage community. In fact, nearly all 43 analysts following BABA stock rate it a “buy” or better, with less than a handful doling out “holds.” While that leaves little room for upgrades, there is plenty of room for price target increases, as the average consensus price target of $197.23 represents a measly premium of only about 8.6% to yesterday’s close. 
Click to Enlarge Turning to BABA stock options pits, we find that speculative traders are nowhere near as bullish as the brokerage community. Currently, the November put/call open interest ratio comes in at 0.63. Yes, calls have a clear upper hand, but peak November call OI rests at the in-the-money $180 strike, with heavy call accumulations also at the $175 strike. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-singles/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/01/good-stocks-to-great-stocks-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba/


Abby Gale 
2 hours ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 Amid the all-time high stocks in today’s market is Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) that had a market cap of 449.66B. The company’s P/E was valued at 61.22 as it measures its current share price to its per-share earnings.  At present, (NYSE:BABA)’s price is rolling at $181.58. A price change of 3.08% indicates a strong asset performance for the corporation, bearing in mind the total returns from its investment and dividends or distributions obtained from the investment.  The financial condition of the company with an ROA of 10.20% indicates how profitable (NYSE:BABA) is relative to its total assets. The current rate provides an idea as to how efficient management is at using its assets to generate earnings.  As the return on equity calculates the corporation’s profitability by revealing how much profit the company has generated alongside the money the shareholders have invested, (NYSE:BABA) shows an ROE of (put ROE code – cant find it).  (NYSE:BABA)’s ROI is 8.70% signposting a better performance in the evaluation of the efficiency of an investment. By calculating the amount of return, the company’s current ratio – which is the liquidity and efficiency ratio – is measured at 1.7.  The operating margin of (NYSE:BABA) is valued at 31.00% and the profit margin measures at 28.80%. The increased OM of (NYSE:BABA) measures the company’s improved pricing strategy and the proportion of its revenue which is left after paying its variable costs of production, e.g. wages, raw materials, etc. The profit margin has increased by 28.80% gauging the financial health of (NYSE:BABA). It also shows the how good the amount of profit for (NYSE:BABA) is relative to its total expenditure.  The overall performance of (NYSE:BABA) for the week is at 4.88% with a rise compared to the last week, measuring a monthly rising rate of 5.14%. The weekly volatility have dropped down at 2.55% with a monthly decline of 2.09%, since the beginning of this month.  The average volume for (NYSE:BABA) is currently rolling at 18,020.16.  The EPS growth this year is at -39.10% demonstrating a EPS growth of 33.74% for the following year. This exhibits in determining the most likely future of the stock price of (NYSE:BABA).  With this high EPSGR it is predicted that growth rate will rise faster as compared to its competitors in the same industry. As it maintains an improved rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target.  Tags (NYSE:BABA) Alibaba Group Holding Limited BABA NYSE Services 3 mins ago 3 mins ago 3 mins ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/01/sterling-capital-management-llc-reduces-position-in-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba.html


					Posted by Stefani Robinson on Nov 1st, 2017 // No Comments  Sterling Capital Management LLC lessened its holdings in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) by 21.9% during the second quarter, according to the company in its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 7,202 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after selling 2,024 shares during the period. Sterling Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Alibaba Group Holding Limited were worth $1,015,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.  Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. BB&T Investment Services Inc. bought a new stake in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the 2nd quarter valued at $1,145,000.  Albion Financial Group UT bought a new position in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the 2nd quarter worth about $221,000.  Nelson Van Denburg & Campbell Wealth Management Group LLC boosted its stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 29.0% in the 2nd quarter. Nelson Van Denburg & Campbell Wealth Management Group LLC now owns 890 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $125,000 after purchasing an additional 200 shares in the last quarter.  Intellectus Partners LLC boosted its stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 17.9% in the 2nd quarter. Intellectus Partners LLC now owns 5,954 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $839,000 after purchasing an additional 904 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 24.8% in the 2nd quarter. Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management LLC now owns 3,199 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $451,000 after purchasing an additional 636 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  37.45% of the company’s stock.  A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on BABA shares. Vetr upgraded shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $190.25 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, September 6th. Barclays PLC upped their price target on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited to $180.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, August 2nd. SunTrust Banks, Inc.  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $205.00 price target on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research note on Friday, October 20th. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 12th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG dropped their price target on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited to $199.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, September 7th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned  a hold rating, thirty-two have given a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $181.89. Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE BABA) opened at 184.89 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $176.94 and its 200-day moving average is $150.55. The stock has a market capitalization of $470.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 62.40 and a beta of 2.60. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a one year low of $86.01 and a one year high of $185.12.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, August 17th. The specialty retailer reported $0.94 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.21. The business had revenue of $7.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.16 billion. Alibaba Group Holding Limited had a return on equity of 16.85% and a net margin of 28.77%. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.74 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Alibaba Group Holding Limited will post $4.88 EPS for the current year.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited Profile Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally.   Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/01/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-reaches-new-12-month-high-following-analyst-upgrade.html


					Posted by Shawn Bailey on Nov 1st, 2017 // No Comments  Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) hit a new 52-week high during trading on Tuesday after Barclays PLC raised their price target on the stock from $200.00 to $220.00. Barclays PLC currently has an overweight rating on the stock. Alibaba Group Holding Limited traded as high as $185.07 and last traded at $184.89, with a volume of 20,270,107 shares changing hands. The stock had previously closed at $181.58. A number of other research firms have also recently issued reports on BABA. BidaskClub raised shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, October 12th. HSBC Holdings plc  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $204.00 price objective (up previously from $184.00) on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research report on Tuesday, October 10th. Vetr cut shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $197.98 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Monday. Bank of America Corp  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $200.00 price objective on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research report on Monday, October 16th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 17th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, thirty-two have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The company  has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $181.89. Institutional investors and hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. AJO LP boosted its holdings in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 55.5% in the 2nd quarter. AJO LP now owns 132,529 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $18,673,000 after buying an additional 47,324 shares during the period.  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS boosted its holdings in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 18.5% in the 2nd quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 105,849 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $14,914,000 after buying an additional 16,528 shares during the period.  Good Life Advisors LLC bought a new position in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the 2nd quarter worth approximately $218,000.  Sylebra HK Co Ltd boosted its holdings in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 0.5% in the 1st quarter. Sylebra HK Co Ltd now owns 347,680 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $37,490,000 after buying an additional 1,631 shares during the period.  Finally, Mirador Capital Partners LP bought a new position in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the 2nd quarter worth approximately $220,000. 37.45% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.  The firm has a market capitalization of $470.18 billion, a P/E ratio of 62.40 and a beta of 2.61. The company has a 50-day moving average of $176.94 and a 200-day moving average of $150.55.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, August 17th. The specialty retailer reported $0.94 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.21. Alibaba Group Holding Limited had a net margin of 28.77% and a return on equity of 16.85%. The business had revenue of $7.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.16 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.74 earnings per share.  On average, analysts predict that  Alibaba Group Holding Limited will post $4.88 earnings per share for the current year.  About Alibaba Group Holding Limited Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally. Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-singles/

With sales growth projected to top 49% next year, and average nearly that through the end of this year, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) should be trading north of $200 by now. Lamentations about geopolitical woes and an overvalued U.S. stock market aside, Alibaba bulls are in for a treat this November. The Chinese e-commerce giant has not one, but two events that should drive the BABA stock price well north of $200 before December. The first such event occurs this Thursday morning, when Alibaba will step up to release its fiscal second-quarter earnings report. Analysts are projecting a 30% rise in earnings to $1.03 per share and a 52% spike in revenue to $7.85 billion. Those are some impressive numbers, to say the least. But projections could still be on the light side, as EarningsWhispers.com projects a whisper number of $1.10 per share. Given that Alibaba has a habit of routinely blowing out Wall Street’s expectations, a whisper number beat could be in the cards this Thursday. If a strong earnings performance wasn’t enough, Singles Day takes place on Nov 11. This regional holiday is bigger than Black Friday for the Chinese e-commerce giant. This year, Alibaba has access to a plethora of U.S. retailers and is planning a “Retail as entertainment” event as well as a “See Now, Buy Now” fashion show to kick off this online shopping extravaganza. Last year, consumers spent the equivalent of $17.79 billion on Singles Day, making it bigger than both Black Friday and Cyber Monday. And Alibaba is front and center for the event. A look at sentiment heading into November reveals a heavy bullish bias from the brokerage community. In fact, nearly all 43 analysts following BABA stock rate it a “buy” or better, with less than a handful doling out “holds.” While that leaves little room for upgrades, there is plenty of room for price target increases, as the average consensus price target of $197.23 represents a measly premium of only about 8.6% to yesterday’s close. 
Click to Enlarge Turning to BABA stock options pits, we find that speculative traders are nowhere near as bullish as the brokerage community. Currently, the November put/call open interest ratio comes in at 0.63. Yes, calls have a clear upper hand, but peak November call OI rests at the in-the-money $180 strike, with heavy call accumulations also at the $175 strike. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-stock-singles/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-205651094.html

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) saw a double-digit share price rise of over 10% in the past couple of months on the NYSE. As a large-cap stock with high coverage by analysts, you could assume any recent changes in the company’s outlook is already priced into the stock. However, what if the stock is still a bargain? Today I will analyse the most recent data on BABA’s outlook and valuation to see if the opportunity still exists. See our latest analysis for BABA According to my valuation model, the stock is currently overvalued by about 100%, trading at $177.32 compared to my intrinsic value of $88.68. This means that the opportunity to buy BABA at a good price has disappeared! If you like the stock, you may want to keep an eye out for a potential price decline in the future. Given that BABA’s share is fairly volatile (i.e. its price movements are magnified relative to the rest of the market) this could mean the price can sink lower, giving us another chance to buy in the future. This is based on its high beta, which is a good indicator for share price volatility. Investors looking for growth in their portfolio may want to consider the prospects of a company before buying its shares. Although value investors would argue that it’s the intrinsic value relative to the price that matter the most, a more compelling investment thesis would be high growth potential at a cheap price. BABA’s earnings over the next few years are expected to double, indicating a very optimistic future ahead. This should lead to stronger cash flows, feeding into a higher share value. Are you a shareholder? BABA’s optimistic future growth appears to have been factored into the current share price, with shares trading above its fair value. At this current price, shareholders may be asking a different question – should I sell? If you believe BABA should trade below its current price, selling high and buying it back up again when its price falls towards its real value can be profitable. But before you make this decision, take a look at whether its fundamentals have changed. Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on BABA for a while, now may not be the best time to enter into the stock. The price has surpassed its true value, which means there’s no upside from mispricing. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for BABA, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors in order to take advantage of the next price drop. Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Alibaba Group Holding. You can find everything you need to know about BABA in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Alibaba Group Holding, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential.  To help readers see pass the short term volatility of the financial market, we aim to bring you a long-term focused research analysis purely driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis does not factor in the latest price sensitive company announcements.   The author is an independent contributor and at the time of publication had no position in the stocks mentioned. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/

Everything happens fast nowadays. The curve steepens and shortens especially in the tech world. It’s hard to believe that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has only been up and running for 18 years. During that time Chairman, Jack Ma, has built one of the most formidable global ecommerce companies that is closing in on a half billion dollar market valuation. Being a homegrown mainland Chinese company, BABA has been able to navigate the waters there much more adroitly and profitably that foreign companies. And then, leveraging its scale and suppliers, the company continues to expand its reach in all directions. It listed on the New York Stock Exchange just three years ago facing many naysayers and China bears. BABA has clearly proved them wrong. Since its public listing the stock has delivered returns of 86%. Most of the performance has been in part due to the overall buoyant investor sentiment toward tech companies this year, but during the past few years, BABA has proven that it is a true competitor across multiple industries. But the past is the past, and at the 18th anniversary employee gathering, the focus was all about the future. Ma stated that, “…compared to the future, we have only just come of age. The future holds endless possibilities and imagination for Alibaba…” With a nod towards giving back and doing good for the broader economic community, Ma further emphasized: “Over the past three years we delivered on short-term financial goals, but our true purpose lies in harnessing the power of technology and innovation to make the world economy more inclusive and more healthy toward sustainable development.” Ma’s words may be sound altruistic, but they are built on the success of the company’s underlying enterprise. Taobao Marketplace, Tmall, Juhuasuan (flash sales), and 1688.com all fall under the Alibaba banner. From retail to wholesale to mobile to online, BABA’s presence is felt everywhere. New Retail and New Finance are particularly interesting given what BABA can leverage from its 18 years of deep operational experience. These also happen to be industries ripe for disruption, and BABA is well positioned to be that disruptor. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://www.insidermonkey.com/blog/long-term-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-investors-should-read-this-605778/

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) shares almost doubled since the US presidential elections. As a long-term Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shareholder you may be more determined than ever about the long-term success of BABA shares but one of our favorite hedge fund managers has a better investment idea if you are bullish on BABA. Anthony Bozza’s Lakewood Capital is one of the better performing long-short equity hedge funds in operation today. In its Q3 investor letter Anthony Bozza suggests a better investment idea for long-term Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shareholders (see Lakewood Capital’s 2017 Q3 investor letter).  Here is what Bozza said in his investor letter: Softbank’s primary operating business is its domestic wireless business. The wireless industry in Japan is an oligopoly as three players (NTT Docomo, KDDI and Softbank) control the market. The industry is mature with low churn and stable profitability. Softbank utilizes the cash flow from this business to diversify and grow its investment portfolio. Using a 6x EBITDA multiple, which is consistent with peers, we estimate that this business is worth $65 billion. Softbank’s other primary operating business is ARM Holdings, the U.K.-based licensor of microprocessor technologies that Softbank acquired last year for around $30 billion. Together, we value these businesses at ¥9,850 per share. The bulk of Softbank’s remaining value comes from its public stakes in Alibaba, Sprint and Yahoo! Japan, as well as its significant portfolio of private investments. The company’s 25% stake in Alibaba is worth $120 billion, or ¥12,365 per Softbank share. Softbank also owns 85% of Sprint, a stake worth $24 billion, or ¥2,460 per share. Additionally, Softbank has a ¥1.3 trillion stake (¥1,175 per share) in Yahoo! Japan, a leading internet portal in Japan. While these public stakes alone amount to ¥16,000 per share (60% above the current share price), Softbank also has a portfolio of private investments, consisting primarily of stakes in leading ride hailing and e-commerce platforms in Asia. These investments are valued on the balance sheet at ¥2,300 per share. While we think there could be substantial upside to the private investments over time, we do not ascribe any premium. Together, Softbank’s public and private investments have a gross value of ¥18,300 per share. We think a substantial discount is being placed on Softbank’s public holdings due to the recent rapid appreciation in the value of the Alibaba stake and the market’s persistent focus on uncertainty around the company’s investment in Sprint. While Softbank shareholders have been slow to recognize the increased value of the Alibaba stake, we expect this significant value will ultimately be reflected in the stock price. And, while Sprint is undoubtedly a substantial holding for Softbank, it amounts to less than 15% of the total investment portfolio. Also, an expected merger with T-Mobile would represent a significant positive development as Sprint would become a scale number three player in the consolidated U.S. wireless market. We conservatively apply a 30% discount to all of its investments and arrive at a net value of ¥12,810 per share. Suggested Reading: 10 best selling products on Alibaba  Daily Newsletter Headline Hedge Fund Investor Letters Hedge Fund:365 Newsfeed NYSE:BABA Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $161,873,831,000 David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $7,194,915,000 George Soros Soros Fund Management $4,960,582,000 T Boone Pickens BP Capital $217,724,000 Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $71,565,957,000 Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $2,484,137,000 Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $19,937,172,000 Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $17,942,674,000 John Paulson Paulson & Co $7,534,125,000 David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $6,087,183,000 

