https://investorplace.com/2017/11/applied-materials-inc-amat-2/

Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) reported its fourth-quarter and full-year results Thursday for 2017. The company posted earnings of 93 cents per share on a during its fourth quarter, topping analysts’ expectations of 91 cents per share Applied Materials’ revenue for the period came in at $3.97 billion, which marked a 20% improvement compared to the year-ago mark. The figure was better than the consensus estimate of $3.94 billion. Gross margin surged by 2.5% to 46.2%, while operating income rose 37% to $1.14 billion, amounting for 28.7% of net sales. Applied Materials paid cash dividends of $107 million, and it used $385 million to repurchase 8 million shares at an average price of $48.65. For its full-year results, the company garnered GAAP earnings of $3.17 per share, or adjusted earnings of $3.25 per share, gaining 86% compared to the year-ago mark. Applied Materials also garnered revenue of $14.54 billion in 2017, accounting for a 34% gain compared to the year-ago mark. The company also generated $3.61 billion in cash from operations, shelled out dividends of $430 million and used $1.17 billion to repurchase 28 million shares at an average price of $42.08. “This is the most exciting time in the history of the electronics industry,”  said Gary Dickerson, president and CEO. “AI will transform entire industries over the coming years, creating trillions of dollars of economic value, and Applied is uniquely positioned to deliver the innovative materials needed to enable next-generation memory and high-performance computing.” For its first quarter of fiscal 2018, Applied Materials projects earnings in the range of 94 cents to $1.02 per share, ahead of the Wall Street outlook of 91 cents per share. Revenue is slated to be $4 billion to $4.2 billion, topping the consensus guidance of $3.96 billion. AMAT stock fell 2.2% after hours Thursday. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/applied-materials-inc-amat-2/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/applied-materials-amat-posts-q4-earnings-beat-revenue-climbs-20-cm878888

  Applied Materials, Inc. ( AMAT )  just released its fiscal fourth-quarter financial results, posting non-GAAP earnings of 93 cents per share and revenues of $3.97 billion. Currently, AMAT is a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and is down 1.42% to $57.02 per share in after-hours trading shortly after its earnings report was released.  Applied Materials:   Beat earnings estimates  . The company posted non-GAAP earnings of $0.93 per diluted share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.91.  Beat revenue estimates  . The company saw revenue figures of $3.97 billion, beating our consensus estimate of $3.93 billion. Total revenue was up about 20% year-over-year, while non-GAAP operating income advanced 37%. On a GAAP basis, the company reported earnings of 91 cents per share. "Fiscal 2017 was a record-breaking year for the company.  We have great momentum and we're confident that in 2018 we can deliver strong double-digit growth across our semiconductor, display and service businesses," said CEO Gary Dickerson. In the first quarter of fiscal 2018, Applied expects net sales to be in the range of $4.00 billion to $4.20 billion. Management also expects non-GAAP adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.94 to $1.02. Our current consensus estimates are calling for revenues of $3.96 billion and earnings of 91 cents. Here's a graph that looks at Applied Material's earnings surprise history:  Applied Materials, Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS   Surprise     Applied Materials, Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS   Surprise    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote   Applied Materials, Inc. expertise in modifying materials at atomic levels and on an industrial scale enables customers to transform possibilities into reality. The Company offer consulting, spare parts, services, automation software, upgrades and legacy equipment to improve the performance and productivity of the customer's equipment and fab operations. Check back later for our full analysis on AMAT's earnings report!  Want more stock market analysis from this author? Make sure   to follow @      Ryan_McQueeney    on Twitter!   Zacks' Best Private Investment Ideas  While we are happy to share many articles like this on the website, our best recommendations and most in-depth research are not available to the public. Starting today, and for the next month, you can follow all Zacks' private buys and sells in real time. Our experts cover all kinds of trades: value, momentum, ETFs, stocks under $10, stocks that corporate insiders are buying up, and companies that are about to report positive earnings surprises. You can even look inside portfolios so exclusive that they are normally closed to new investors.   Click here for Zacks' private trades >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research   Applied Materials, Inc. ( AMAT )  just released its fiscal fourth-quarter financial results, posting non-GAAP earnings of 93 cents per share and revenues of $3.97 billion. Currently, AMAT is a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and is down 1.42% to $57.02 per share in after-hours trading shortly after its earnings report was released.  Applied Materials:   Beat earnings estimates  . The company posted non-GAAP earnings of $0.93 per diluted share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.91.  Beat revenue estimates  . The company saw revenue figures of $3.97 billion, beating our consensus estimate of $3.93 billion. Total revenue was up about 20% year-over-year, while non-GAAP operating income advanced 37%. On a GAAP basis, the company reported earnings of 91 cents per share. "Fiscal 2017 was a record-breaking year for the company.  We have great momentum and we're confident that in 2018 we can deliver strong double-digit growth across our semiconductor, display and service businesses," said CEO Gary Dickerson. In the first quarter of fiscal 2018, Applied expects net sales to be in the range of $4.00 billion to $4.20 billion. Management also expects non-GAAP adjusted diluted EPS to be in the range of $0.94 to $1.02. Our current consensus estimates are calling for revenues of $3.96 billion and earnings of 91 cents. Here's a graph that looks at Applied Material's earnings surprise history:  Applied Materials, Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS   Surprise     Applied Materials, Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS   Surprise    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote    Applied Materials, Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS   Surprise    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote  Applied Materials, Inc. expertise in modifying materials at atomic levels and on an industrial scale enables customers to transform possibilities into reality. The Company offer consulting, spare parts, services, automation software, upgrades and legacy equipment to improve the performance and productivity of the customer's equipment and fab operations. Check back later for our full analysis on AMAT's earnings report!  Want more stock market analysis from this author? Make sure   to follow @      Ryan_McQueeney    on Twitter!   Zacks' Best Private Investment Ideas  While we are happy to share many articles like this on the website, our best recommendations and most in-depth research are not available to the public. Starting today, and for the next month, you can follow all Zacks' private buys and sells in real time. Our experts cover all kinds of trades: value, momentum, ETFs, stocks under $10, stocks that corporate insiders are buying up, and companies that are about to report positive earnings surprises. You can even look inside portfolios so exclusive that they are normally closed to new investors.   Click here for Zacks' private trades >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/Applied%2BMaterials%2B%2528AMAT%2529%2BPT%2BRaised%2Bto%2B%252465%2Bat%2BDeutsche%2BBank/13521331.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://www.zacks.com/stock/news/283452/Heres-Why-You-Should-Bet-on-Applied-Materials-AMAT-Stock

Zacks Equity Research
                    November 20, 2017
 ATVI NVDA LRCX AMAT  Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT  -  Free Report)	 is currently one of the top-performing stocks in the technology sector and a rise in share price and strong fundamentals signal its bullish run. Therefore, if you haven’t taken advantage of the share price appreciation yet, it’s time you add the stock to your portfolio. The company has performed extremely well this year and has the potential to carry on the momentum in the near term. Why an Attractive Pick? Share Price Appreciation: A glimpse of the company’s price trend shows that the stock has had an impressive run on the bourses year to date. Applied has returned 75.1%, comparing favorably with the industry’s gain of 68.2%.  Solid Rank & VGM Score: Applied sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and has a VGM Score of B. Our research shows that stocks with a VGM Score of A or B when combined with a Zacks Rank #1 or 2 (Buy) offer the best investment opportunities. Thus, the company appears to be a compelling investment proposition at the moment.Northward Estimate Revisions: Six estimates for the current year have moved north over the past 30 days against no southward revisions, reflecting analysts’ confidence in the company. Over the same period, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year has increased 5.0%. Also, for fiscal 2019, the Zacks Consensus Estimate has inched up 3.0% over the same timeframe to $3.98. Positive Earnings Surprise History: Applied has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, delivering a average positive earnings surprise of 2.8%. Strong Growth Prospects: The company’s Zacks Consensus Estimate for fiscal 2018 earnings of $3.86 reflects year-over-year growth of 18.9%. Moreover, earnings are expected to register 3.07% growth in fiscal 2019. The stock has long-term expected earnings per share growth rate of 16.9%. Growth Drivers: Applied Materials is one of the world’s largest suppliers of fabrication equipment to semiconductor, LCD and solar PV cell manufacturers. In the recently concluded fiscal fourth quarter, the company’s pro forma earnings per share of 93 cents beat the consensus mark by 2 cents and came in toward the higher end of the guided range of 86-94 cents. Also, revenues of $3.97 billion beat the consensus mark by $40 million and were at the high end of the guided range of $3.85-$4 billion. Applied Materials’ revenues and earnings were at an all-time high this quarter. Inflection-focused innovation strategy was the primary growth driver. The company continued to witness technological advancements in semiconductor and display areas. 3D NAND, DRAM and patterning have led to significant market share gains. Also, Applied significantly improved on its memory market share as well. It expects robust double-digit growth in semiconductor, display and service businesses in 2018. Also, wafer fab equipment (WFE) spending in 2017 and 2018 combined is expected to be well above the previous forecast of $90 billion. Going forward, Applied sees significant opportunities from emerging trends on the semiconductor and display fronts such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud infrastructure, Internet of Things (IoT), virtual reality and smart vehicles. We believe that Applied Materials is in a great position to grow sustainably and profitably based on its strong pipeline of enabling technologies, supported by expanding opportunities on the semiconductor, service and display fronts. Applied Materials, Inc. Price and Consensus    Applied Materials, Inc. Price and Consensus | Applied Materials, Inc. Quote Other Stocks to Consider Other stocks worth considering in the broader technology sector include NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA  -  Free Report)	 and Lam Research Corporation (LRCX  -  Free Report)	, both carrying a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), while Activision Blizzard (ATVI  -  Free Report)	, carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Long-term earnings per share growth rate for NVIDIA Corporation, Lam Research and Activision Blizzard is projected to be 11.2%, 14.9% and 13.8%, respectively. Wall Street’s Next Amazon Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It’s a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius. Click for details >> Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) - free report >> NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) - free report >> Lam Research Corporation (LRCX) - free report >> Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) - free report >> Free Report for Zacks.com Visitors Our experts cut down 220 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys to the 7 that are most likely to jump in price immediately. For 28 years, the full Strong Buy list has averaged a stellar +25% per year. See its 7 best stocks now.    Privacy Policy | No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever. 

https://allstocknews.com/2017/11/20/should-investors-take-a-bite-out-of-applied-materials-inc-amat/

Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) closed November 17 at $56.49, down -2.6% or $1.51 from its record high price of $58. Looking at the other side of the coin, AMAT traded as low as $29.85 in the past 52 weeks, and since then the shares have risen 89.25% or $26.64. The recent price momentum makes it one stock to watch in recent days. Its -2.33% depreciation from Wednesday’s close has set alarm bells ringing.  Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) shares are up 0.23% for the week and that has got investors and traders sitting up and taking note. AMAT is already driving a 83.83% rally over the course of the past year and is now up 75.05% since this point in 2107. Speaking of monthly performance, AMAT tapped a 2.1% gain. Also, the equity price jumped 30.43% % in three months, taking the six-month increase to 26.29% as of recent close. With that said, researchers took a deep dive into the hotly debated question: is it too late to buy Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT).  Analyst research firms are expressing bullish stance on Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT)’s near-term growth potential. They anticipate the AMAT stock will hit $60.26 on a short term (12 month) basis. Their average price target spell out an upbeat performance – a 7% and would give AMAT a market capitalization of nearly $65.68B.  Valued currently at $56.49, the vast majority of Wall Street analysts continue to say it’s worth buying. Mean recommendation is rated on a 1 to 5 scale. 1 is equivalent to a buy rating, 3 a hold rating, and 5 a sell rating. The Mean Recommendation is the average rating on a stock by the analyst community.  Right now, AMAT’s beta is 1.84. That makes it 0.84 more volatile than the broad market. Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) is 27.15% above its 200-day moving average, providing a measure of resistance for long positions. On a similar note, the stock is 7.38% above its 50-day moving average, providing a measure of support for short positions. The average daily volatility for the week was at 3.47%, which was 1.09 higher than that in the past month.  From another technical standpoint, Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT)’s 14-day Relative Strength Index (RSI) has reached 56.92, putting it inside a neutral zone. If the RSI is traveling up and it is between 40 and 80, it is probably an indication of an uptrend. If it moves beyond 70 but cannot hold this ground and instead falls below 70, it could be an indication that the market is overbought and prone to become bearish, at least in the short term. Conversely, if the RSI is traveling down and it is between 60 and 20, it is probably an indication of a downtrend. If it moves below 30 and fails to remain below, it could be an indication that the market is oversold and poised to become bullish, at least in the short term.  Technical analysts also use volume to predict trends. The current trading volume of 27.31 sits 168.27% higher than the past 3 month’s readings, indicating near-term traders have been more active toward AMAT than usual of late. The company trades on average around 1018000 shares per market session. Major moves in volume can signal unusual activity, such as insider trading. Unusual volume can be a major signal that investment gurus and momentum traders are piling into a stock ahead of a catalyst. These types of traders like to get in well ahead of a large spike, so it’s always a smart move to monitor unusual volume. In terms of relative volume, these shares are trading at 2.68x their normal volume. 

http://www.thestreetpoint.com/2017/11/20/wavering-stocks-applied-materials-inc-nasdaqamat-a-semiconductor-equipment-materials-company/

Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMAT) has became attention seeker from the inquisitor when it experienced a change of -2.33% Whereas, in last 21 trading days was 2.10% and moved up in last 63 trading days of 30.43%. Looking further out we can see that the stock has moved 75.05% over the year to date. Along with these its last twelve month performance is stands at 83.83% while moved 26.29% for the past six months according to Finviz reported data. Every trader dreams of taking a small amount of capital and becoming a millionaire off of it. The reality is that it is unlikely to occur by trading a small account. While profits can accumulate and compound over time, traders with small accounts often feel pressured to use large amounts of leverage or take on excessive risk in order to build up their accounts quickly. Not realizing that professional fund managers often make less than 10-15% per year, traders with small accounts often assume they can make double, triple or even 10 times their money in a single year. A strategy doesn’t need to win all the time to be profitable. Many traders only win 50% to 60% of their trades. The point is, they make more on their winners than they lose on their losers. Make sure that the risk on each trade is limited to a specific percentage of the account, and that entry and exit methods are clearly defined and written down. There are times when the stock markets test your nerves. As a day trader you need to learn to keep greed, hope and fear at bay. Decisions should be governed by logic and not emotion. One strategy is to set two stop losses: Analytical Significance of Simple Moving Average The SMA200 of the stock is at 27.15%, SMA20 is 0.32%, while SMA50 is 7.38%. AMAT’s relative volume was 2.68. Relative volume is a great indicator to keep a close eye on, but like most indicators it works best in conjunction with other indicators and on different time frames. Higher relative volume you will have more liquidity in the stock which will tighten spreads and allow you to trade with more size without a ton of slippage. AMAT’s overall volume in the last trading session was 27,308,159 shares. Important Technical Indicators to keep in Focus:- A statistical measure of the dispersion of returns (volatility) for AMAT producing salvation in Investors mouth, it has week volatility of 3.47% and for the month booked as 2.38%. Regardless of which metric you utilize, a firm understanding of the concept of volatility and how it is measured is essential to successful investing. A stock that maintains a relatively stable price has low volatility. When investing in a volatile security, the risk of success is increased just as much as the risk of failure.  Applied Materials, Inc.’s beta is 1.84 whilst the stock has an average true range (ATR) of 1.49. Other technical indicators are worth considering in assessing the prospects for EQT. RSI for instance is currently at 56.92. It is common practice for investors to use the price-to-earnings ratio (P/E ratio or price multiple) to determine if a company’s stock price is over or undervalued. Companies with a high P/E ratio are typically growth stocks. However, their relatively high multiples do not necessarily mean their stocks are overpriced and not good buys for the long term. The PEG ratio shows us that, when compare to the beer company, the always-popular tech company doesn’t have the growth rate to justify its higher P/E, and its stock price appears overvalued. Applied Materials, Inc.’s currently has a PEG ratio of 1.06 where as its P/E ratio is 17.81. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 4.24, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 6.94, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 8.53. Should You Go With High Insider Ownership? Many value investors look for stocks with a high percent of insider ownership, under the theory that when management are shareholders, they will act in its own self interest, and create shareholder value in the long-term. This aligns the interests of shareholders with management, thus benefiting everyone. While this sounds great in theory, high insider ownership can actually lead to the opposite result, a management team that is unaccountable because they can keep their jobs under almost any circumstance. Currently Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT)’s shares owned by insiders are 0.20%, whereas shares owned by institutional owners are 81.60%. November 20, 2017 November 20, 2017 November 20, 2017  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Diana Containerships Inc. (NASDAQ: DCIX) has became attention seeker from the inquisitor when it experienced a change of 24.70% Whereas, in last 21 trading days was 152.84% and moved up …  November 20, 2017 November 20, 2017 November 20, 2017 November 20, 2017 

https://simplywall.st/news/2017/11/19/does-applied-materials-incs-amat-past-performance-indicate-a-stronger-future/

 Measuring Applied Materials Inc’s (NASDAQ:AMAT) track record of past performance is a useful exercise for investors. It enables us to understand whether or not the company has met or exceed expectations, which is an insightful signal for future performance. Today I will assess AMAT’s recent performance announced on 29 October 2017 and weigh these figures against its long-term trend and industry movements. Check out our latest analysis for Applied Materials   I use data from the most recent 12 months, which annualizes the latest 6-month earnings release, or some times, the latest annual report is already the most recent financial data. This blend enables me to examine many different companies on a similar basis, using the most relevant data points. For Applied Materials, the most recent earnings is $3,434M, which, relative to the prior year’s level, has risen by an impressive 99.89%. Since these values may be fairly nearsighted, I’ve computed an annualized five-year value for AMAT’s net income, which stands at $1,281M. This shows that, on average, Applied Materials has been able to steadily improve its bottom line over the last couple of years as well.   Applied Materials’s track record can be a valuable insight into its earnings performance, but it certainly doesn’t tell the whole story. While Applied Materials has a good historical track record with positive growth and profitability, there’s no certainty that this will extrapolate into the future. I suggest you continue to research Applied Materials to get a more holistic view of the stock by looking at:  1. Future Outlook: What are well-informed industry analysts predicting for AMAT’s future growth? Take a look at our free research report of analyst consensus for AMAT’s outlook. 2. Financial Health: Is AMAT’s operations financially sustainable? Balance sheets can be hard to analyze, which is why we’ve done it for you. Check out our financial health checks here. 3. Other High-Performing Stocks: Are there other stocks that provide better prospects with proven track records? Explore our free list of these great stocks here. 

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/20/tokio-marine-asset-management-co-ltd-sells-2949-shares-of-applied-materials-inc-amat.html


					Posted by Mandy Boone on Nov 20th, 2017 // No Comments  Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd. trimmed its holdings in  Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMAT) by 24.1% in the 3rd quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  owned 9,271 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock after selling 2,949 shares during the quarter. Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd.’s holdings in Applied Materials were worth $483,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.  A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in AMAT. Summit Financial Wealth Advisors LLC grew its stake in shares of  Applied Materials by 0.3% during the 2nd quarter. Summit Financial Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 6,269 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock valued at $259,000 after purchasing an additional 19 shares during the period.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America grew its stake in shares of  Applied Materials by 0.7% during the 1st quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 4,170 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock valued at $162,000 after purchasing an additional 29 shares during the period.  Adirondack Trust Co. grew its stake in shares of  Applied Materials by 1.1% during the 2nd quarter. Adirondack Trust Co. now owns 3,650 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock valued at $151,000 after purchasing an additional 40 shares during the period.  Affinity Wealth Management grew its stake in shares of  Applied Materials by 0.8% during the 2nd quarter. Affinity Wealth Management now owns 6,387 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock valued at $264,000 after purchasing an additional 48 shares during the period.  Finally, RMB Capital Management LLC grew its stake in shares of  Applied Materials by 1.0% during the 1st quarter. RMB Capital Management LLC now owns 6,280 shares of the manufacturing equipment provider’s stock valued at $244,000 after purchasing an additional 60 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  78.79% of the company’s stock.  In other news, VP Thomas F. Larkins sold 30,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.24, for a total value of $1,537,200.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Alexander Karsner sold 22,762 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, August 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.03, for a total value of $1,002,210.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own  0.31% of the company’s stock.  A number of research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Vetr upgraded Applied Materials from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $48.16 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, August 10th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Applied Materials from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, August 14th. Stifel Nicolaus  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $61.00 price objective (up from $55.00) on shares of Applied Materials in a research note on Friday, August 18th. Credit Suisse Group boosted their price objective on Applied Materials from $5.00 to $62.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, August 18th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, B. Riley  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $61.00 price objective on shares of Applied Materials in a research note on Saturday, August 19th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty-four have issued  a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $59.83. Shares of Applied Materials, Inc. (NASDAQ AMAT) opened at $56.49 on Monday. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.57, a quick ratio of 2.43 and a current ratio of 3.14. The firm has a market capitalization of $60,245.85, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.38, a P/E/G ratio of 0.87 and a beta of 1.85. Applied Materials, Inc. has a 12 month low of $29.85 and a 12 month high of $60.89.  Applied Materials (NASDAQ:AMAT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 16th. The manufacturing equipment provider reported $0.93 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.91 by $0.02. Applied Materials had a return on equity of 41.51% and a net margin of 23.62%. The company had revenue of $3.97 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.93 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.66 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 20.4% compared to the same quarter last year.  analysts anticipate that  Applied Materials, Inc. will post 3.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, December 14th. Shareholders of record on Friday, November 24th will be paid a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.71%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, November 22nd. Applied Materials’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 12.62%.  ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was  reported by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be read at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/20/tokio-marine-asset-management-co-ltd-sells-2949-shares-of-applied-materials-inc-amat.html.  Applied Materials Company Profile    Receive News & Ratings for Applied Materials Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Applied Materials Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.zacks.com/stock/news/283452/Heres-Why-You-Should-Bet-on-Applied-Materials-AMAT-Stock

Zacks Equity Research
                    November 20, 2017
 ATVI NVDA LRCX AMAT  Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT  -  Free Report)	 is currently one of the top-performing stocks in the technology sector and a rise in share price and strong fundamentals signal its bullish run. Therefore, if you haven’t taken advantage of the share price appreciation yet, it’s time you add the stock to your portfolio. The company has performed extremely well this year and has the potential to carry on the momentum in the near term. Why an Attractive Pick? Share Price Appreciation: A glimpse of the company’s price trend shows that the stock has had an impressive run on the bourses year to date. Applied has returned 75.1%, comparing favorably with the industry’s gain of 68.2%.  Solid Rank & VGM Score: Applied sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and has a VGM Score of B. Our research shows that stocks with a VGM Score of A or B when combined with a Zacks Rank #1 or 2 (Buy) offer the best investment opportunities. Thus, the company appears to be a compelling investment proposition at the moment.Northward Estimate Revisions: Six estimates for the current year have moved north over the past 30 days against no southward revisions, reflecting analysts’ confidence in the company. Over the same period, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for the current year has increased 5.0%. Also, for fiscal 2019, the Zacks Consensus Estimate has inched up 3.0% over the same timeframe to $3.98. Positive Earnings Surprise History: Applied has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, delivering a average positive earnings surprise of 2.8%. Strong Growth Prospects: The company’s Zacks Consensus Estimate for fiscal 2018 earnings of $3.86 reflects year-over-year growth of 18.9%. Moreover, earnings are expected to register 3.07% growth in fiscal 2019. The stock has long-term expected earnings per share growth rate of 16.9%. Growth Drivers: Applied Materials is one of the world’s largest suppliers of fabrication equipment to semiconductor, LCD and solar PV cell manufacturers. In the recently concluded fiscal fourth quarter, the company’s pro forma earnings per share of 93 cents beat the consensus mark by 2 cents and came in toward the higher end of the guided range of 86-94 cents. Also, revenues of $3.97 billion beat the consensus mark by $40 million and were at the high end of the guided range of $3.85-$4 billion. Applied Materials’ revenues and earnings were at an all-time high this quarter. Inflection-focused innovation strategy was the primary growth driver. The company continued to witness technological advancements in semiconductor and display areas. 3D NAND, DRAM and patterning have led to significant market share gains. Also, Applied significantly improved on its memory market share as well. It expects robust double-digit growth in semiconductor, display and service businesses in 2018. Also, wafer fab equipment (WFE) spending in 2017 and 2018 combined is expected to be well above the previous forecast of $90 billion. Going forward, Applied sees significant opportunities from emerging trends on the semiconductor and display fronts such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud infrastructure, Internet of Things (IoT), virtual reality and smart vehicles. We believe that Applied Materials is in a great position to grow sustainably and profitably based on its strong pipeline of enabling technologies, supported by expanding opportunities on the semiconductor, service and display fronts. Applied Materials, Inc. Price and Consensus    Applied Materials, Inc. Price and Consensus | Applied Materials, Inc. Quote Other Stocks to Consider Other stocks worth considering in the broader technology sector include NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA  -  Free Report)	 and Lam Research Corporation (LRCX  -  Free Report)	, both carrying a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), while Activision Blizzard (ATVI  -  Free Report)	, carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Long-term earnings per share growth rate for NVIDIA Corporation, Lam Research and Activision Blizzard is projected to be 11.2%, 14.9% and 13.8%, respectively. Wall Street’s Next Amazon Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It’s a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius. Click for details >> Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) - free report >> NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) - free report >> Lam Research Corporation (LRCX) - free report >> Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) - free report >> Free Report for Zacks.com Visitors Our experts cut down 220 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys to the 7 that are most likely to jump in price immediately. For 28 years, the full Strong Buy list has averaged a stellar +25% per year. See its 7 best stocks now.    Privacy Policy | No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/applied-materials-amat-beats-on-q4-earnings-and-revenues-cm879291

  Applied Materials Inc. AMAT  reported robust fiscal fourth-quarter 2017 results, with both the top and the bottom lines surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate. The company's pro forma earnings per share (EPS) of 93 cents beat the consensus mark by 2 cents and came in toward the higher end of the guided range of 86-94 cents. Earnings were up 8.1% sequentially and 40.9% year over year. Revenues of $3.97 billion beat the consensus mark by $40 million and were at the high end of the guided range of $3.85-$4 billion. Revenues increased 6% sequentially and 20.4% year over year. The revenue growth was backed by higher demand in most of the regions. Following the strong fiscal fourth-quarter results, the company's share price increased 1.8%. Shares have increased a massive 79.3% year to date, slightly outperforming the industry  's gain of 70.9%.      This quarter Applied Materials' revenues and earnings were at an all-time high. Inflection-focused innovation strategy was the primary growth driver. The company continues to witness technological advancements in semiconductor and display areas. 3D NAND, DRAM and patterning have led to significant market share gains. Applied Materials has well-differentiated products and high market share in foundry and logic. It is significantly improving on its memory market share as well. Management expects robust double-digit growth in semiconductor, display and service businesses in 2018. It expects wafer fab equipment (WFE) spending in 2017 and 2018 combined to be well above the previous forecast of $90 billion. Applied Materials remains strongly positioned in China where it continues to witness robust growth in semiconductor and display. Growing investments from Chinese domestic manufacturers have been the main catalysts. Notably, the company has gained considerable success in expanding beyond semiconductors, particularly in display. Mobile OLEDs and large screen televisions are opening new market opportunities for Applied Materials. Applied Materials sees significant opportunities from emerging trends on the semiconductor and display fronts such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud infrastructure, Internet of Things (IoT), virtual reality and smart vehicles. We believe that Applied Materials is in a great position to grow sustainably and profitably based on its strong pipeline of enabling technologies, supported by expanding opportunities on the semiconductor, service and display fronts. Let's delve deeper into the numbers.  Revenues by Segment  The Semiconductor Systems Group (SSG) contributed 61.3% of revenues, reflecting a decrease of 4% sequentially but increase of 14.3% year over year. The second-largest contributor was Applied Global Services (AGS) with 20.9% revenue share. Segment revenues increased 5.7% sequentially and 19.9% year over year. The Display segment was up 65.1% from the last quarter and 49.8% from the year-ago level, contributing 17.1% to revenues.  Revenues by Geography  Korea contributed 30% to revenues, Taiwan 18%, China 15%, Japan 13% and U.S. 10%. Southeast Asia contributed 8%, while Europe contributed 6%. On a sequential basis, China and Korea were the weakest, declining 22.9% and 7.1% respectively. All the other regions improved sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Taiwan and Europe decreased 37.8% and 11.3%, respectively. All the other regions increased.  Applied Materials, Inc. Revenue (TTM)       Applied Materials, Inc. Revenue (TTM)    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote    Margins  Pro forma gross margin was 46.2%, down 42 basis points (bps) sequentially but up 245 bps from the year-ago quarter. Applied Materials' adjusted operating expenses of $700 million increased 4.9% sequentially and 14.9% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin of 28.5% decreased 24 bps sequentially but increased 329 bps year over year.  Net Profit  On a pro-forma basis, Applied Materials reported net income of $1 billion, or 93 cents per share compared with $927 million or 86 cents in the prior quarter. In the year-ago quarter, Applied Materials had reported net income of $722 million or 66 cents per share. Our pro-forma calculation excludes restructuring, acquisition-related, impairment and other charges as well as tax adjustments in the reported quarter. On a GAAP basis, the company registered net profit of $982 million (91 cents per share) compared with $925 million (85 cents per share) in the previous quarter and $610 million (56 cents per share) a year ago.  Balance Sheet  At the end of fiscal fourth quarter, inventories increased to $2.93 billion from $2.88 billion in the previous quarter. Accounts receivables increased to $2.34 billion from $2.26 in the prior quarter. Cash and cash equivalents balance was $5.01 billion compared with $5.28 billion in the prior quarter. Goodwill was 17.3% of the total assets. The company generated $699 million in cash from operations. The company spent $124 million on capex and returned $492 million through stock repurchases and cash dividends to shareholders.  Guidance  Applied Materials also provided guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Revenues are expected between $4.00 and $4.20 billion, better than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.96 billion. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to come in the range of 94 cents to $1.02, higher than the consensus mark of 91 cents.  Zacks Rank and Other Picks  Applied Materials carries a Zacks Rank 2 (Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here  .  Other stocks worth considering in the broader technology sector include Activision Blizzard, ATVI  , Baidu BIDU  and Alibaba BABA  , all carrying the same Zacks Rank as Applied Materials. Long-term earnings per share growth rate for Activision, Baidu and Alibaba is projected to be 13.8%, 23.7% and 30.7%, respectively.  Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside?  Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana. Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.   See the pot trades we're targeting>>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA): Free Stock Analysis Report   Baidu, Inc. (BIDU): Free Stock Analysis Report   Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI): Free Stock Analysis Report   Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research   Applied Materials Inc. AMAT  reported robust fiscal fourth-quarter 2017 results, with both the top and the bottom lines surpassing the Zacks Consensus Estimate. The company's pro forma earnings per share (EPS) of 93 cents beat the consensus mark by 2 cents and came in toward the higher end of the guided range of 86-94 cents. Earnings were up 8.1% sequentially and 40.9% year over year. Revenues of $3.97 billion beat the consensus mark by $40 million and were at the high end of the guided range of $3.85-$4 billion. Revenues increased 6% sequentially and 20.4% year over year. The revenue growth was backed by higher demand in most of the regions. Following the strong fiscal fourth-quarter results, the company's share price increased 1.8%. Shares have increased a massive 79.3% year to date, slightly outperforming the industry  's gain of 70.9%.      This quarter Applied Materials' revenues and earnings were at an all-time high. Inflection-focused innovation strategy was the primary growth driver. The company continues to witness technological advancements in semiconductor and display areas. 3D NAND, DRAM and patterning have led to significant market share gains. Applied Materials has well-differentiated products and high market share in foundry and logic. It is significantly improving on its memory market share as well. Management expects robust double-digit growth in semiconductor, display and service businesses in 2018. It expects wafer fab equipment (WFE) spending in 2017 and 2018 combined to be well above the previous forecast of $90 billion. Applied Materials remains strongly positioned in China where it continues to witness robust growth in semiconductor and display. Growing investments from Chinese domestic manufacturers have been the main catalysts. Notably, the company has gained considerable success in expanding beyond semiconductors, particularly in display. Mobile OLEDs and large screen televisions are opening new market opportunities for Applied Materials. Applied Materials sees significant opportunities from emerging trends on the semiconductor and display fronts such as artificial intelligence, big data, cloud infrastructure, Internet of Things (IoT), virtual reality and smart vehicles. We believe that Applied Materials is in a great position to grow sustainably and profitably based on its strong pipeline of enabling technologies, supported by expanding opportunities on the semiconductor, service and display fronts. Let's delve deeper into the numbers.  Revenues by Segment  The Semiconductor Systems Group (SSG) contributed 61.3% of revenues, reflecting a decrease of 4% sequentially but increase of 14.3% year over year. The second-largest contributor was Applied Global Services (AGS) with 20.9% revenue share. Segment revenues increased 5.7% sequentially and 19.9% year over year. The Display segment was up 65.1% from the last quarter and 49.8% from the year-ago level, contributing 17.1% to revenues.  Revenues by Geography  Korea contributed 30% to revenues, Taiwan 18%, China 15%, Japan 13% and U.S. 10%. Southeast Asia contributed 8%, while Europe contributed 6%. On a sequential basis, China and Korea were the weakest, declining 22.9% and 7.1% respectively. All the other regions improved sequentially. On a year-over-year basis, Taiwan and Europe decreased 37.8% and 11.3%, respectively. All the other regions increased.  Applied Materials, Inc. Revenue (TTM)       Applied Materials, Inc. Revenue (TTM)    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote    Applied Materials, Inc. Revenue (TTM)    |      Applied Materials, Inc. Quote   Margins  Pro forma gross margin was 46.2%, down 42 basis points (bps) sequentially but up 245 bps from the year-ago quarter. Applied Materials' adjusted operating expenses of $700 million increased 4.9% sequentially and 14.9% from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin of 28.5% decreased 24 bps sequentially but increased 329 bps year over year.  Net Profit  On a pro-forma basis, Applied Materials reported net income of $1 billion, or 93 cents per share compared with $927 million or 86 cents in the prior quarter. In the year-ago quarter, Applied Materials had reported net income of $722 million or 66 cents per share. Our pro-forma calculation excludes restructuring, acquisition-related, impairment and other charges as well as tax adjustments in the reported quarter. On a GAAP basis, the company registered net profit of $982 million (91 cents per share) compared with $925 million (85 cents per share) in the previous quarter and $610 million (56 cents per share) a year ago.  Balance Sheet  At the end of fiscal fourth quarter, inventories increased to $2.93 billion from $2.88 billion in the previous quarter. Accounts receivables increased to $2.34 billion from $2.26 in the prior quarter. Cash and cash equivalents balance was $5.01 billion compared with $5.28 billion in the prior quarter. Goodwill was 17.3% of the total assets. The company generated $699 million in cash from operations. The company spent $124 million on capex and returned $492 million through stock repurchases and cash dividends to shareholders.  Guidance  Applied Materials also provided guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Revenues are expected between $4.00 and $4.20 billion, better than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.96 billion. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to come in the range of 94 cents to $1.02, higher than the consensus mark of 91 cents.  Zacks Rank and Other Picks  Applied Materials carries a Zacks Rank 2 (Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here  .  Other stocks worth considering in the broader technology sector include Activision Blizzard, ATVI  , Baidu BIDU  and Alibaba BABA  , all carrying the same Zacks Rank as Applied Materials. Long-term earnings per share growth rate for Activision, Baidu and Alibaba is projected to be 13.8%, 23.7% and 30.7%, respectively.  Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside?  Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana. Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.   See the pot trades we're targeting>>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

