https://seekingalpha.com/news/3313383-alibaba-goes-offline-grocer-stake

Part of a wider push into offline retail, Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) will invest $2.9B for a major stake in China's top hypermart operator, Sun Art Retail Group (OTCPK:SURRY). "Physical stores serve an indispensable role during the consumer journey, and should be enhanced through data-driven technology and personalized services in the digital economy," Alibaba CEO Daniel Zhang said in the statement. Now read: Alibaba & Alipay: A Mobile Future » 

https://stocknews.com/news/baba-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-takes-2-9b-sun-art-stake/

BABA – Alibaba just acquired a piece of a major Chinese supermarket chain to step up its fresh food efforts in its home country. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has made yet another key investment in the Chinese retail space, this time acquiring a large piece of a major supermarket chain. Bloomberg has more details on the latest move aimed at better competing with Walmart in its home country: China’s biggest e-commerce company agreed to acquire 36 percent of Sun Art Retail Group Ltd., which operates about 400 hypermarkets under the Auchan and RT-Mart banners. As part of the deal, France’s Auchan Retail SA will raise its stake in the Hong Kong-listed company to a similar level, and form an alliance with the internet giant to tackle the same Chinese food retail sector Wal-Mart’s targeting. Alibaba’s essentially using Sun Art to quicken an assault on the $4 trillion brick-and-mortar retail arena, escalating competition with Wal-Mart in the hypermarts that hawk everything from fresh produce to electronics. The new alliance is seen as a threat to both Walmart and JD.com, another Chinese e-commerce behemoth that’s made a recent push into physical retail. Analysts believe BABA’s move will bring several benefits to consumers with better integrations in the ordering, payments, and delivery realms, as the lines between online and offline marketplaces continue to blur. Sun Art is seen as a bit of a reclamation project following years of declining sales. Like in America, the Chinese supermarket space is ultra competitive and plagued by low margins — not to mention the constant threat of e-commerce taking more and more market share away. A pact with BABA is just what the doctor ordered to help turn things around and kick-start the chain’s evolution into a digital-first company. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shares rose $2.07 (+1.12%) in premarket trading Monday. Year-to-date, BABA has gained 110.83%, versus a 17.00% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. BABA currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 77 stocks in the China category. 

http://nation.com.pk/20-Nov-2017/alibaba-takes-2-9-billion-stake-in-food-retailer

  Alibaba  said on Monday it would take a major stake in one of China's top food sellers for $2.9 billion as the e-commerce giant expands further into the retail world. China's largest e-commerce platform has invested heavily in recent years to connect its online and offline portfolio of businesses, taking stakes in several Chinese grocers, shopping malls and department stores.   Alibaba  will buy a 36 percent stake in Sun Art Retail Group from Taiwanese conglomerate Ruentex Group, leaving  Alibaba  and French firm Auchan Retail with roughly equal stakes in Sun Art's 446 hypermarkets that sell everything from groceries to clothes. Sun Art also operates smaller superstores and is building a line of unmanned stores. Hangzhou-based  Alibaba  has bet its future on uniting online and offline selling, executing the strategy well before US-based Amazon made its first major purchase of bricks and mortar grocer Whole Foods earlier this year. "Alibaba is excited to join with our new partners to redefine traditional retail through digital transformation," chief executive Daniel Zhang said in a statement. Sun Art is one of Auchan's major bets on the Chinese market and the chain of stores has been a boon for its business. The  Alibaba  investment will integrate Sun Art's bricks and mortar stores with the online selling giant's platform, the companies said in a press release. "Bringing together the leaders of in-store retail and of online retail will allow us to serve hundreds of millions of Chinese consumers a fully integrated, world-class shopping experience," said Wilhelm Hubner, chief executive of Auchan Retail, which will slightly raise its stake in Sun Art as part of the deal.   Alibaba  said on Monday it would take a major stake in one of China's top food sellers for $2.9 billion as the e-commerce giant expands further into the retail world. China's largest e-commerce platform has invested heavily in recent years to connect its online and offline portfolio of businesses, taking stakes in several Chinese grocers, shopping malls and department stores.   Alibaba  will buy a 36 percent stake in Sun Art Retail Group from Taiwanese conglomerate Ruentex Group, leaving  Alibaba  and French firm Auchan Retail with roughly equal stakes in Sun Art's 446 hypermarkets that sell everything from groceries to clothes. Sun Art also operates smaller superstores and is building a line of unmanned stores. Hangzhou-based  Alibaba  has bet its future on uniting online and offline selling, executing the strategy well before US-based Amazon made its first major purchase of bricks and mortar grocer Whole Foods earlier this year. "Alibaba is excited to join with our new partners to redefine traditional retail through digital transformation," chief executive Daniel Zhang said in a statement. Sun Art is one of Auchan's major bets on the Chinese market and the chain of stores has been a boon for its business. The  Alibaba  investment will integrate Sun Art's bricks and mortar stores with the online selling giant's platform, the companies said in a press release. "Bringing together the leaders of in-store retail and of online retail will allow us to serve hundreds of millions of Chinese consumers a fully integrated, world-class shopping experience," said Wilhelm Hubner, chief executive of Auchan Retail, which will slightly raise its stake in Sun Art as part of the deal. 

https://simplywall.st/news/2017/11/17/want-to-invest-in-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-heres-how-it-performed-lately/

 After reading Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s (NYSE:BABA) most recent earnings announcement (30 September 2017), I found it useful to look back at how the company has performed in the past and compare this against the latest numbers. As a long-term investor I tend to focus on earnings trend, rather than a single number at one point in time. Also, comparing it against an industry benchmark to understand whether it outperformed, or is simply riding an industry wave, is a crucial aspect. Below is a brief commentary on my key takeaways. Check out our latest analysis for Alibaba Group Holding   For the purpose of this commentary, I like to use the ‘latest twelve-month’ data, which annualizes the most recent half-year data, or in some cases, the latest annual report is already the most recent financial year data. This method enables me to examine different companies on a similar basis, using the latest information. For Alibaba Group Holding, the latest earnings is $60,853M, which, in comparison to the prior year’s level, has jumped by an impressive 84.20%. Given that these figures may be fairly nearsighted, I’ve created an annualized five-year value for Alibaba Group Holding’s net income, which stands at $38,275M. This means on average, Alibaba Group Holding has been able to steadily improve its earnings over the past few years as well.   While past data is useful, it doesn’t tell the whole story. Companies that have performed well in the past, such as Alibaba Group Holding gives investors conviction. However, the next step would be to assess whether the future looks as optimistic. I recommend you continue to research Alibaba Group Holding to get a better picture of the stock by looking at:  1. Future Outlook: What are well-informed industry analysts predicting for BABA’s future growth? Take a look at our free research report of analyst consensus for BABA’s outlook. 2. Financial Health: Is BABA’s operations financially sustainable? Balance sheets can be hard to analyze, which is why we’ve done it for you. Check out our financial health checks here. 3. Other High-Performing Stocks: Are there other stocks that provide better prospects with proven track records? Explore our free list of these great stocks here. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/baba-stock-surpass-amazon/

While Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) has been a great stock in 2017, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NASDAQ:BABA) has been even better. The U.S.-based online retailer is up 50% so far this year, but the Chinese-based Alibaba has doubled. Its market cap is now $464 billion, against Amazon’s $543 billion. Not only that, but Alibaba is a better company than Amazon, in many ways. It routinely brings $1 in every $4 of revenue to the net income line. It is growing much faster, over 60% year-over-year. It is much, much smaller, still bringing in less than $10 billion each quarter (the Chinese Yuan trades at 6.63 to the dollar). Alibaba also has a much larger growth runway, given the size of the Asian market where it makes its home. For these reasons, I expect the market cap of Alibaba to soon surpass that of Amazon and not look back. Amazon relies on physical infrastructure, like warehouses, but Alibaba consists almost entirely of computer infrastructure. It does much more work through alliances than Amazon, which is why its rise has created 10 other billionaires whose combined wealth is greater than founder Jack Ma’s own. Alibaba was founded to help small manufacturers connect to retail and industrial buyers. While it has gone far afield of that, with its own online shopping mall and even investments in physical stores, the stock does not reflect that. Alibaba is primarily a “fintech” company, and the top three leaders in the space, according to KPMG, are affiliates. Thus, very little of the $25 billion in sales contracted for on its “Singles Day” will flow through the main company, as will little of the fulfillment cost. If you want to buy the “Japanese Amazon.com,” you should buy JD.Com Inc(ADR) (NASDAQ:JD), whose business models Amazon’s closely and has had roughly the same size gain this year. BABA has developed its systems, and brand name, against a backdrop of hyper-growth, with literally hundreds of millions of people whose parents were peasants moving into urban skyscrapers. The company also has been quick to move into fast-growing Southeast Asian economies. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/baba-stock-surpass-amazon/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/19/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-shares-sold-by-target-asset-management-pte-ltd.html


					Posted by Joyce Ramirez on Nov 19th, 2017 // No Comments  Target Asset Management PTE Ltd. reduced its stake in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) by 28.8% in the 3rd quarter, according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 123,900 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after selling 50,000 shares during the period. Alibaba Group Holding Limited comprises approximately  100.0% of Target Asset Management PTE Ltd.’s holdings, making the stock its biggest position. Target Asset Management PTE Ltd.’s holdings in Alibaba Group Holding Limited were worth $21,399,000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. AJO LP grew its holdings in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 55.5% during the 2nd quarter. AJO LP now owns 132,529 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $18,673,000 after acquiring an additional 47,324 shares in the last quarter.  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS boosted its holdings in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 18.5% in the 2nd quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 105,849 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $14,914,000 after buying an additional 16,528 shares during the period.  Good Life Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the 2nd quarter valued at about $218,000.  Aperio Group LLC boosted its holdings in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 10.6% in the 3rd quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 194,424 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $33,579,000 after buying an additional 18,663 shares during the period.  Finally, Sylebra HK Co Ltd boosted its holdings in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 0.5% in the 1st quarter. Sylebra HK Co Ltd now owns 347,680 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $37,490,000 after buying an additional 1,631 shares during the period. 37.47% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.  COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was  reported by The Ledger Gazette and is the property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/19/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-shares-sold-by-target-asset-management-pte-ltd.html.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) opened at $185.13 on Friday. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a 1 year low of $86.01 and a 1 year high of $191.22. The company has a market cap of $474,146.47, a P/E ratio of 53.82, a P/E/G ratio of 1.40 and a beta of 2.61. The company has a current ratio of 1.71, a quick ratio of 1.71 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.21.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, August 17th. The specialty retailer reported $0.94 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.21. Alibaba Group Holding Limited had a net margin of 30.87% and a return on equity of 17.89%. The firm had revenue of $7.40 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.16 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.74 earnings per share.  equities analysts anticipate that  Alibaba Group Holding Limited will post 4.31 EPS for the current fiscal year.  Several research firms have recently commented on BABA. Macquarie lifted their price target on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from $171.00 to $200.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, August 18th. Bank of America Corporation lifted their price target on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from $180.00 to $193.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, August 18th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. began coverage on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Tuesday, August 15th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $175.00 price target for the company. KeyCorp  set a $182.00 price target on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, August 18th. Finally, MKM Partners lifted their price target on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from $177.00 to $220.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, August 23rd. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, one  has issued  a hold rating, thirty-three have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Alibaba Group Holding Limited presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $184.45. Alibaba Group Holding Limited Company Profile Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally.   Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://amigobulls.com/articles/81025-why-alibaba-stock-has-plenty-more-upside

Jack Ma led Chinese eCommerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has had a mind-boggling single's day sales which seem to justify its price to earnings multiple of 62. BABA stock investors too are a happy lot with the share price doubling in the year. We had rightly hinted in our earlier coverage that Alibaba is all set to have record-breaking single's day sales. However, Alibaba stock has failed to take off since reporting impressive numbers. This brings us to the question, is the upside in Alibaba stock limited from here? Well, if you go by some of the latest industry trends, the strong revenue and earnings growth of the Chinese online retail giant is to continue for some time now, which is likely to drive BABA stock higher.
 In the fiscal 2018 second-quarter earnings release, Alibaba's China retail revenue grew 64% YoY. This forms the bulk of the Chinese behemoth's revenues. Now, if a latest eMarketer report is anything to go by, then Alibaba's core commerce segment could likely continue growing its revenues at high rates in the coming quarters as well. The report suggests that cross-border eCommerce spending in China to top the $100 billion threshold in 2017. The eMarketer estimates state that "Average spend per buyer has increased since eMarketer’s previous forecast due to the growing awareness of overseas brands in China, as well as better logistics and the perception that foreign goods are of better quality." The study also finds the popularity of Alibaba's Tmall Global as one of the factor's driving these pattern. This could be a strong tailwind for the online retail giant.  Further, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey analysts' in their recent note to clients commenting about the single's day sales wrote: "there was a 4x multiple of growth in the sale global brands, and strength in cross-border trade as more and more Chinese shoppers use mobile devices." They are of the opinion that this could result in better than expected China retail revenue growth in the December quarter which hints at more upside potential in BABA stock if the momentum is sustained. The eMarketer study further boosts the above stance as the cross-border eCommerce spending tailwind is likely to last longer. Alibaba registered nearly 40% YoY increase in GMV on its single's day but the stock has not moved much following single's day sale. However, this also means one expect another blockbuster earnings release in January. To put things into perspective as seen in the image below, the Chinese company tops Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Thanksgiving and Black Friday sales combined. This is the proportion of difference with which Alibaba is growing its GMV. Amazon's annual Prime Day sale was estimated to have moved $1 billion worth of goods only. Raymond James analysts wrote that BABA stock's underperformance even after strong sales was due to the fact that "market already knows that the Chinese consumer is buying more",  which is also reflected in the 100% rise in the market. However, they reiterated their strong buy rating on Alibaba stock and it is only matter of time Alibaba stock goes past the psychologically important $200 mark.  We did suggest in our recent coverage that Alibaba stock could come under pressure recently due to the technical set up. However, BABA stock technical chart now hints at some positive signals. Alibaba stock has found support at its 50-day simple moving average (SMA). In the last trading session, the share price bounced back from the 50-day SMA which has acted as a strong support level for the majority of 2017. Alibaba share price has only breached the 50-day SMA only once this year, in October. The stock is likely to head higher from here.  To sum up, Alibaba stock continues to be an attractive investing idea for growth investors. Though the BABA stock has doubled for the year, the stock may continue climbing higher. At these levels, Alibaba stock may not appear cheap but given its just trading 28 times the forward earnings, there is potential for plenty of more upside given the impressive revenue and earnings growth coupled with the tailwinds the company is enjoying. Looking for fundamentally strong China-based companies to invest in? One Chinese stock in our picks has delivered more than 600% return since 2011. Then do check out Amigobulls' top stock picks, which have outperformed the NASDAQ by over 168%. Further, if you're also looking for top picks from the auto sector, you should also check out our top auto stock picks, which have beaten the S&P 500 by over 265%. If you're a trader though, you should check out our daily trading ideas section for daily, free updates on the latest crossovers and other popular technical signals. 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/16/taking-tally-of-caesars-entertainment-corporation-czr-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba/

The shares of Caesars Entertainment Corporation have increased by more than 51.18% this year alone. The shares recently went up by 3.63% or $0.45 and now trades at $12.85. The shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA), has jumped by 106.67% year to date as of 11/14/2017. The shares currently trade at $181.48 and have been able to report a change of -2.38% over the past one week. The stock of Caesars Entertainment Corporation and Alibaba Group Holding Limited were two of the most active stocks on Tueday. Investors seem to be very interested in what happens to the stocks of these two companies but do investors favor one over the other? We will analyze the growth, profitability, risk, valuation, and insider trends of both companies and see which one investors prefer. Profitability and Returns Growth alone cannot be used to see if the company will be valuable. Shareholders will be the losers if a company invest in ventures that aren’t profitable enough to support upbeat growth. In order for us to accurately measure profitability and return, we will be using the EBITDA margin and Return on Investment (ROI), which balances the difference in capital structure. CZR has an EBITDA margin of 604.32%, this implies that the underlying business of CZR is more profitable. The ROI of CZR is -151.00% while that of BABA is 8.70%. These figures suggest that BABA ventures generate a higher ROI than that of CZR. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Cash Flow  The value of a stock is ultimately determined by the amount of cash flow that the investors have available. Over the last 12 months, CZR’s free cash flow per share is a negative -2.18, while that of BABA is positive 14.03. Liquidity and Financial Risk 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The ability of a company to meet up with its short-term obligations and be able to clear its longer-term debts is measured using Liquidity and leverage ratios. The current ratio for CZR is 0.50 and that of BABA is 1.70. This implies that it is easier for CZR to cover its immediate obligations over the next 12 months than BABA. Valuation CZR currently trades at a forward P/E of 25.25, and a P/S of 2.36 while BABA trades at a forward P/E of 27.52, a P/B of 9.54, and a P/S of 15.54 . This means that looking at the earnings, book values and sales basis, CZR is the cheaper one. It is very obvious that earnings are the most important factors to investors, thus analysts are most likely to place their bet on the P/E. Analyst Price Targets and Opinions The mistake some people make is that they think a cheap stock has more value to it. In order to know the value of a stock, there is need to compare its current price to its likely trading price in the future. The price of CZR is currently at a -16.56% to its one-year price target of 15.40. Looking at its rival pricing, BABA is at a -12.32% relative to its price target of 206.98. This figure implies that over the next one year, BABA is a better investment. When looking at the investment recommendation on say a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell), CZR is given a 1.80 while 1.60 placed for BABA. This means that analysts are more bullish on the outlook for CZR stocks. Insider Activity and Investor Sentiment Short interest or otherwise called the percentage of a stock’s tradable shares currently being shorted is another data that investors use to get a handle on sentiment. The short ratio for CZR is 4.17 while that of BABA is just 6.51. This means that analysts are more bullish on the forecast for CZR stock. Conclusion The stock of Caesars Entertainment Corporation defeats that of Alibaba Group Holding Limited when the two are compared, with CZR taking 7 out of the total factors that were been considered. CZR happens to be more profitable, generates a higher ROI, has higher cash flow per share, higher liquidity and has a lower financial risk. When looking at the stock valuation, CZR is the cheaper one on an earnings, book value and sales basis. Finally, the sentiment signal for CZR is better on when it is viewed on short interest. 

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/19/barclays-plc-raises-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-price-target-to-220-00.html


					Posted by Ken Jordan on Nov 19th, 2017 // No Comments  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) had its price target hoisted by Barclays PLC from $200.00 to $220.00 in a research report released on Tuesday, October 31st, MarketBeat reports. Barclays PLC currently has an overweight rating on the specialty retailer’s stock. Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. BidaskClub raised shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating in a report on Thursday, October 12th.   reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $204.00 target price (up from $184.00) on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Tuesday, October 10th. Vetr cut shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $197.98 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, October 30th. Bank of America Corporation  reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $200.00 target price on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Monday, October 16th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, October 17th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, one  has issued  a hold rating, thirty-three have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $184.45. Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE BABA) opened at $185.13 on Tuesday. The company has a current ratio of 1.71, a quick ratio of 1.71 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.21. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a 1-year low of $86.01 and a 1-year high of $191.22. The firm has a market cap of $474,146.47, a P/E ratio of 53.82, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 1.40 and a beta of 2.61.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, August 17th. The specialty retailer reported $0.94 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.73 by $0.21. Alibaba Group Holding Limited had a net margin of 30.87% and a return on equity of 17.89%. The company had revenue of $7.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.16 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.74 earnings per share.  sell-side analysts expect that  Alibaba Group Holding Limited will post 4.31 EPS for the current year.  Institutional investors and hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Shine Investment Advisory Services Inc. acquired a new stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the 2nd quarter worth approximately $102,000.  First Eagle Investment Management LLC acquired a new stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the 3rd quarter worth approximately $104,000.  FNY Managed Accounts LLC acquired a new stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the 1st quarter worth approximately $107,000.  Lorber David A acquired a new stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the 3rd quarter worth approximately $109,000.  Finally, Lee Financial Co increased its position in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 45.5% during the 2nd quarter. Lee Financial Co now owns 800 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $113,000 after purchasing an additional 250 shares in the last quarter. 37.47% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.  About Alibaba Group Holding Limited Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally.   Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://simplywall.st/news/2017/11/17/want-to-invest-in-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-heres-how-it-performed-lately/

 After reading Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s (NYSE:BABA) most recent earnings announcement (30 September 2017), I found it useful to look back at how the company has performed in the past and compare this against the latest numbers. As a long-term investor I tend to focus on earnings trend, rather than a single number at one point in time. Also, comparing it against an industry benchmark to understand whether it outperformed, or is simply riding an industry wave, is a crucial aspect. Below is a brief commentary on my key takeaways. Check out our latest analysis for Alibaba Group Holding   For the purpose of this commentary, I like to use the ‘latest twelve-month’ data, which annualizes the most recent half-year data, or in some cases, the latest annual report is already the most recent financial year data. This method enables me to examine different companies on a similar basis, using the latest information. For Alibaba Group Holding, the latest earnings is $60,853M, which, in comparison to the prior year’s level, has jumped by an impressive 84.20%. Given that these figures may be fairly nearsighted, I’ve created an annualized five-year value for Alibaba Group Holding’s net income, which stands at $38,275M. This means on average, Alibaba Group Holding has been able to steadily improve its earnings over the past few years as well.   While past data is useful, it doesn’t tell the whole story. Companies that have performed well in the past, such as Alibaba Group Holding gives investors conviction. However, the next step would be to assess whether the future looks as optimistic. I recommend you continue to research Alibaba Group Holding to get a better picture of the stock by looking at:  1. Future Outlook: What are well-informed industry analysts predicting for BABA’s future growth? Take a look at our free research report of analyst consensus for BABA’s outlook. 2. Financial Health: Is BABA’s operations financially sustainable? Balance sheets can be hard to analyze, which is why we’ve done it for you. Check out our financial health checks here. 3. Other High-Performing Stocks: Are there other stocks that provide better prospects with proven track records? Explore our free list of these great stocks here. 

