http://www.tradingnewsnow.com/2017/11/20/worth-watching-stocksscana-corporation-nyse-scg-royal-caribbean-cruises-ltd-nyse-rcl-jones-energy-inc-nyse-jone-alphabet-inc-nasdaq-goog/

Snapshot:SCANA Corporation, belongs to Utilities sector and Electric Utilities industry. Intraday Trading of SCANA Corporation: The Utilities stock (SCANA Corporation) showed a change of -3.16 percent from opening and finally turned off its business at $43.45 by scoring -3.44 percent on Friday. Trading volume, or volume, is the number of shares or contracts that point towards the overall activity of a security or market for a given period. The company exchanged hands with 3149974 shares compared to its average daily volume of 1.92M shares. Historical Performances under Review: Over the last week, SCANA Corporation’s shares returned -1.12 percent and in the past 30.0 days the figure appeared at -10.69 percent. Furthermore, over the 90.0 days, the stock was able to yield -28.19 percent. However, -33.58 percent is noted as its 180 days or half-yearly performance. The current EPS for the company has been recorded at $3.16. By applying the formula, the price-earnings (P/E) ratio comes out to be 13.77. Major Indicators to Watch: The SCANA Corporation has 145.06M shares outstanding with 8.25 percent insider ownership. The stock has weekly volatility of 3.01 percent and monthly volatility of 3.45 percent with ATR of 1.41 and beta of 0.23. Risk administration is a fundamental process used to make investment decisions. Beta measures the amount of systematic risk a security has relative to the whole market. The market has a beta of 1, and it can be used to gauge the risk of a security. The SCG is trading away to its 20-days, 50-day and 200-day moving averages by -3.62 percent, -12.87 percent and -29.94 percent, respectively. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., belongs to Services sector and Resorts & Casinos industry. (NYSE: RCL) has grabbed attention from the analysts when it practiced a change of 1.31 percent in the last trading session to close at $124.4. A total of 1458395 shares exchanged hands during the intra-day trade contrast with its average trading volume of 1.73M shares, while its relative volume stands at 0.84. RCL has market value of $27.16B while its EPS was booked as $7.49 in the last 12 months. The stock has 218.31M shares outstanding. In the profitability analysis, the company has gross profit margin of 43.9 percent while net profit margin was 18.4 percent. Trading volume is a gauge of how many times a stock is bought and sold in a given time period (most commonly, within a day of trading, known as the average daily trading volume – ADTV). A high degree of volume indicates a lot of interest in a stock. Often, a boost in the volume of a stock is a harbinger of a price jump, either up or down. ATR stands at 2.87 while Beta factor of the stock stands at 1.08. Beta factor is used to measure the volatility of the stock. After a recent check, company stock is found to be 1.76 percent volatile for the week, while 2.3 percent volatility is recorded for the month. Most company stocks have very little volatility. They generally move extremely slowly and they only produce big price swings when the company produces good or bad trading results, which may only happen a couple of times a year at best. The company’s distance from 52-week high price is -6.99 percent and the current price is 57.93 percent away from 52-week low price. The company has Relative Strength Index (RSI 14) of 53.3. Performance ReviewOfRoyal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., (NYSE: RCL): The stock has shown weekly performance of 0.14 percent and monthly performance stands at 2.71 percent. The stock has shown quarterly performance of 3.68 percent and a half-year performance stands at 16.03 percent. Analyst recommendation for this stock stands at 1.7. Jones Energy, Inc., (NYSE: JONE) make a change of 8 percent with the overall traded volume of 782824 shares as compare to its average volume of 1.18M shares. The company has the market value of $111.51M and its EPS ratio for the past year was $-2.65. The company turned off its business at $1.08. Jones Energy, Inc., belongs to Basic Materials sector and Independent Oil & Gas industry. Technical Analysis in the Limelight: The organization has 103.25M shares outstanding and 0 percent shares of the company were owned by institutional shareholders. The company has 0.64 value in price to sale ratio while price to book ratio was recorded as 0.22. It beta stands at 2.8. The average true range of the stock is recorded at 0.14 and the relative strength index of the stock stands 41.1. The stock has shown its weekly performance of -5.26 percent and monthly performance stands at -19.4 percent. The stock price is moving from its 200 days moving average with -13.08 percent and from 50 days moving average with -23.21 percent. Analyst recommendation for this stock stands at 2.4. Alphabet Inc., (NASDAQ: GOOG), plunged -1.3 percent with the closing price of $1019.09. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1366073 shares. Alphabet Inc., belongs to Technology sector and Internet Information Providers industry. According to Alphabet Inc..’s Insider ownership is at 11.71 percent. The total amount of shares outstanding is 680.92M, giving the company a market capitalization of about 693.91B. The stock has seen its SMA50 which is now 4.29 percent. In looking the SMA 200 we see that the stock has seen a11.1percent.The Company’s net profit margin for the 12 months at 0 percent. Comparatively, the gazes have a Gross margin 0 percent. Profitability ratios of GOOG: Looking into the profitability ratios of GOOG stock, a shareholder will find its ROE, ROA, ROI standing at 0 percent, 0 percent and 0 percent, respectively. Earnings per Share Details of Alphabet Inc.: The EPS of GOOG is strolling at 27.59, measuring its EPS growth this year at -6 percent. As a result, the company has an EPS growth of 28.3 percent for the approaching year. Given the importance of identifying companies that will ensure earnings per share at a tall rate, we later obsession to umpire how to identify which companies will achieve high amassing rates. One obvious showing off to identify high earnings per portion count together companies are to locate companies that have demonstrated such build up beyond the p.s. 5 to 10 years. We can’t have enough maintenance the once will always reflect the difficult, but logically stocks that have grown earnings per allowance strongly in the subsequent to are a fine bet to continue to take effect as a result. Company’s EPS for the past five years is valued at 0 percent leading it to an EPS value of 20.68 percent for the next five years. Performance Review in Focus: Taking a look at the performance of GOOG stock, an investor will come to know that the weekly performance for this stock is valued at -0.87, resulting in a performance for the month at 3.52 percent. Therefore, the stated figure displays a quarterly performance of 12.4 percent, bringing six-month performance to 8.2 percent and year to date performance of 32.04 percent. As of now, Alphabet Inc. has a P/S, P/E and P/B values of 6.99, 36.93 and 4.76 respectively. Its P/Cash is valued at 0. 

http://www.tradingnewsnow.com/2017/11/20/worth-watching-stocksscana-corporation-nyse-scg-royal-caribbean-cruises-ltd-nyse-rcl-jones-energy-inc-nyse-jone-alphabet-inc-nasdaq-goog/

Snapshot:SCANA Corporation, belongs to Utilities sector and Electric Utilities industry. Intraday Trading of SCANA Corporation: The Utilities stock (SCANA Corporation) showed a change of -3.16 percent from opening and finally turned off its business at $43.45 by scoring -3.44 percent on Friday. Trading volume, or volume, is the number of shares or contracts that point towards the overall activity of a security or market for a given period. The company exchanged hands with 3149974 shares compared to its average daily volume of 1.92M shares. Historical Performances under Review: Over the last week, SCANA Corporation’s shares returned -1.12 percent and in the past 30.0 days the figure appeared at -10.69 percent. Furthermore, over the 90.0 days, the stock was able to yield -28.19 percent. However, -33.58 percent is noted as its 180 days or half-yearly performance. The current EPS for the company has been recorded at $3.16. By applying the formula, the price-earnings (P/E) ratio comes out to be 13.77. Major Indicators to Watch: The SCANA Corporation has 145.06M shares outstanding with 8.25 percent insider ownership. The stock has weekly volatility of 3.01 percent and monthly volatility of 3.45 percent with ATR of 1.41 and beta of 0.23. Risk administration is a fundamental process used to make investment decisions. Beta measures the amount of systematic risk a security has relative to the whole market. The market has a beta of 1, and it can be used to gauge the risk of a security. The SCG is trading away to its 20-days, 50-day and 200-day moving averages by -3.62 percent, -12.87 percent and -29.94 percent, respectively. Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., belongs to Services sector and Resorts & Casinos industry. (NYSE: RCL) has grabbed attention from the analysts when it practiced a change of 1.31 percent in the last trading session to close at $124.4. A total of 1458395 shares exchanged hands during the intra-day trade contrast with its average trading volume of 1.73M shares, while its relative volume stands at 0.84. RCL has market value of $27.16B while its EPS was booked as $7.49 in the last 12 months. The stock has 218.31M shares outstanding. In the profitability analysis, the company has gross profit margin of 43.9 percent while net profit margin was 18.4 percent. Trading volume is a gauge of how many times a stock is bought and sold in a given time period (most commonly, within a day of trading, known as the average daily trading volume – ADTV). A high degree of volume indicates a lot of interest in a stock. Often, a boost in the volume of a stock is a harbinger of a price jump, either up or down. ATR stands at 2.87 while Beta factor of the stock stands at 1.08. Beta factor is used to measure the volatility of the stock. After a recent check, company stock is found to be 1.76 percent volatile for the week, while 2.3 percent volatility is recorded for the month. Most company stocks have very little volatility. They generally move extremely slowly and they only produce big price swings when the company produces good or bad trading results, which may only happen a couple of times a year at best. The company’s distance from 52-week high price is -6.99 percent and the current price is 57.93 percent away from 52-week low price. The company has Relative Strength Index (RSI 14) of 53.3. Performance ReviewOfRoyal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., (NYSE: RCL): The stock has shown weekly performance of 0.14 percent and monthly performance stands at 2.71 percent. The stock has shown quarterly performance of 3.68 percent and a half-year performance stands at 16.03 percent. Analyst recommendation for this stock stands at 1.7. Jones Energy, Inc., (NYSE: JONE) make a change of 8 percent with the overall traded volume of 782824 shares as compare to its average volume of 1.18M shares. The company has the market value of $111.51M and its EPS ratio for the past year was $-2.65. The company turned off its business at $1.08. Jones Energy, Inc., belongs to Basic Materials sector and Independent Oil & Gas industry. Technical Analysis in the Limelight: The organization has 103.25M shares outstanding and 0 percent shares of the company were owned by institutional shareholders. The company has 0.64 value in price to sale ratio while price to book ratio was recorded as 0.22. It beta stands at 2.8. The average true range of the stock is recorded at 0.14 and the relative strength index of the stock stands 41.1. The stock has shown its weekly performance of -5.26 percent and monthly performance stands at -19.4 percent. The stock price is moving from its 200 days moving average with -13.08 percent and from 50 days moving average with -23.21 percent. Analyst recommendation for this stock stands at 2.4. Alphabet Inc., (NASDAQ: GOOG), plunged -1.3 percent with the closing price of $1019.09. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1366073 shares. Alphabet Inc., belongs to Technology sector and Internet Information Providers industry. According to Alphabet Inc..’s Insider ownership is at 11.71 percent. The total amount of shares outstanding is 680.92M, giving the company a market capitalization of about 693.91B. The stock has seen its SMA50 which is now 4.29 percent. In looking the SMA 200 we see that the stock has seen a11.1percent.The Company’s net profit margin for the 12 months at 0 percent. Comparatively, the gazes have a Gross margin 0 percent. Profitability ratios of GOOG: Looking into the profitability ratios of GOOG stock, a shareholder will find its ROE, ROA, ROI standing at 0 percent, 0 percent and 0 percent, respectively. Earnings per Share Details of Alphabet Inc.: The EPS of GOOG is strolling at 27.59, measuring its EPS growth this year at -6 percent. As a result, the company has an EPS growth of 28.3 percent for the approaching year. Given the importance of identifying companies that will ensure earnings per share at a tall rate, we later obsession to umpire how to identify which companies will achieve high amassing rates. One obvious showing off to identify high earnings per portion count together companies are to locate companies that have demonstrated such build up beyond the p.s. 5 to 10 years. We can’t have enough maintenance the once will always reflect the difficult, but logically stocks that have grown earnings per allowance strongly in the subsequent to are a fine bet to continue to take effect as a result. Company’s EPS for the past five years is valued at 0 percent leading it to an EPS value of 20.68 percent for the next five years. Performance Review in Focus: Taking a look at the performance of GOOG stock, an investor will come to know that the weekly performance for this stock is valued at -0.87, resulting in a performance for the month at 3.52 percent. Therefore, the stated figure displays a quarterly performance of 12.4 percent, bringing six-month performance to 8.2 percent and year to date performance of 32.04 percent. As of now, Alphabet Inc. has a P/S, P/E and P/B values of 6.99, 36.93 and 4.76 respectively. Its P/Cash is valued at 0. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alphabet-goog-industry-group-rank-hurt-rating/

Portfolio Grader currently ranks Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) a Hold. Using Louis Navellier's investing methods, this analytical tool assesses stocks by employing proprietary fundamental and quantitative metrics.  The current Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has been in place for 4 months. The company is one of 131 companies within the Internet Software & Services GICS industry group, which is in turn part of the 706 company GICS Information Technology sector. The market value of GOOG is $714.3 billion which falls in the top decile in its industry group The current Portfolio Grader ranking for GOOG puts it 66 among the 131 companies in this industry group, which is a below-average position.   The Information Technology sector is ranked number 4 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it in the top half of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 17 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it above-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. GOOG has received above-average scores in 6 of the 8 fundamental areas analyzed by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average scores in 2 of the areas evaluated in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are discernibly above average. Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with a ranking for earnings revisions and earnings surprises that are better than average, while the score for earnings momentum is worse than average. GOOG's grade for return on equity is materially better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average. These fundamental scores give Alphabet a position in the top quartile of the industry group.  The Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score is used by Portfolio Grader to view GOOG's shares from the aspect of risk/reward. This proprietary scoring approach evaluates the relative value of the company's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Using this risk/reward calculation, GOOG currently scores as average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alphabet-goog-industry-group-rank-hurt-rating/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://searchengineland.com/alphabet-goog-third-quarter-beats-estimates-27-8-billion-revenues-24-285675

Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google parent Alphabet announced third-quarter results. Both revenues and earnings per share beat Wall Street estimates. The company reported roughly $27.8 billion in total revenues (up 24 percent), with Google contributing all but $302 million of that amount. Earnings per share were $9.57, which was about $1.24 higher than expected. Advertising generated just over $24 billion in quarterly revenue. Operating income was about $7.8 billion. However, traffic acquisition costs (TAC) rose to $3.1 billion (vs. $2.6 billion a year ago). There are sure to be analyst questions about that item. The revenue breakdown by segment: Paid clicks on Google properties were up 6 percent year over year and aggregate cost per click (CPC) was up 1 percent. Here’s more detail: Paid click growth was significant. However, CPCs were down (18 percent) from a year ago but up slightly (1 percent) from last quarter. Alphabet (GOOG) shares are up in after-hours trading. The company says it now has more than 78,000 employees, compared with just under 70,000 a year ago. The earnings call webcast is happening now. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. March 13-15, 2018: SMX West June 11-13, 2018: SMX Advanced Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: April 23-25, 2018: San Jose 

https://qz.com/1113031/alphabet-goog-beat-on-q3-earnings-because-its-whole-business-is-still-google-googl/

Time is a flat circle. Alphabet announced its third-quarter earnings today (Oct. 26), and yet again, it brought in a ton of cash, almost entirely from Google’s advertising business. The company generated $27.8 billion in revenue, up 24% from the same quarter last year, making this Alphabet’s highest-revenue quarter ever. (The previous record was $26.06 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016.) Roughly $24.1 billion of that revenue, or about 87%, came from Google’s ad sales. Alphabet reported $7.8 billion in profit for the quarter, up about 35% from the same period a year earlier. Most of the remainder of Alphabet’s revenue, about $3.4 billion, came from other revenue streams at Google, including hardware sales, cloud services, and sales of subscription services like YouTube TV and Google Play music, chief financial officer Ruth Porat said on the company’s earnings call. Just $302 million (around 1% of Alphabet’s revenue) came from sales from every other Alphabet company, lumped into the “Other Bets” bucket of its earnings. Analysts surveyed ahead of earnings had expected Alphabet to only bring in around $22 billion in revenue. The large beat saw the company’s Class A shares rising over $40 (about 4%) in after-hours trading. It remains to be seen whether investors will tire of Alphabet relying on the same old revenue sources. The company has been massively successful selling ads against search results on its own sites and apps, and selling ads on other companies’ websites. While those businesses show no signs of slowing, Alphabet has also invested billions into researching and developing a series of ambitious “moonshot” projects. It’s unclear whether those so-called Other Bets will ever be as important to Alphabet’s bottom line as its search engine has been. Those moonshots include self-driving cars at Waymo, internet-beaming balloons and delivery drones in the X research lab, defeating death at Calico, and myriad other companies. They have largely been money pits for Alphabet since the company spun them out from its core Google business in 2015. The only real revenue that’s come out of Other Bets to date has been hardware sales from Nest, Alphabet’s internet-of-things device company, and Fiber, its fiber-optic internet service. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/alphabet-inc-goog-googl-has-broken-out-to-a-new-high-on-q3-results-20171027-00704

 (RTTNews.com) - Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) reported third quarter EPS of $9.57 after the close Thursday, up from $7.25 a year ago. The consensus estimate was for EPS of $8.33. Alphabet has gapped open sharply higher Friday morning and is now up 43.55 at $1034.97. The stock has broken out past resistance and has set a new high for the year. For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com 

https://stocknewsjournal.com/2017/10/25/drilling-down-into-alphabet-inc-goog-4/

Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $970.54, up from yesterday’s close by 0.22%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis This company has been competing with others in the Technology space and offers its own combination of interesting factors Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) currently trades with a market capitalization of $660.86 Billion. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For GOOG, the company currently has $15.61 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $25.21 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $8.33 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 34.16% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis It’s important to check the technicals to get a sense of how GOOG has been acting. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Alphabet Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $997.21. It is now trading 26.67% off that level. The stock is trading $944.26 its 50-day moving average by -26.28%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $727.54. In recent action, Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has made a move of +4.94% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.89, and it’s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.56% with $600.57 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of GOOG. 

https://qz.com/1129072/google-goog-facebook-fb-and-amazon-amzn-need-to-be-broken-up-before-they-destroy-america-open-markets-says/

Google, Facebook, and Amazon are controlling Americans’ minds and wallets, and they need to be stopped before they destroy the US economy and democracy itself. That was the message from a dimly-lit, packed conference room in a nondescript Washington DC hotel near the train station last week. Nearly 200 tech executives, journalists, public relations people, and academics attended the event, organized by the Open Markets Institute, a tiny nonprofit that’s becoming a lightening rod for the growing anger and frustration with Big Tech in America. The group, headed by former journalist Barry C. Lynn, was unceremoniously ousted (paywall) from Google-funded think tank New America this summer, days after congratulating European regulators on fining Google €2.42 billion in June for abusing its market dominance. Open Markets has landed on its feet, Lynn told Quartz later, thanks to a group of donors and advisors helping the eight-person team spread its message far and wide. Lynn and his co-panelists delivered a message in DC that was as terrifying as it was absolute—the “Big Three” tech giants need to be cut down to size, immediately. Here are their main points: They’re destroying our intelligence and humanity: “Very precious things about human life and democratic life are being shredded,” by the dominance of Facebook as a news source, warned Franklin Foer, the author of a damning book on the “existential threat” technology poses, and a writer for The Atlantic (Quartz, like The Atlantic, is owned by Atlantic Media). Human beings are becoming “intellectually incapacitated in the face of fake news and demagoguery,” he warned. Their dominance makes us desperate: People “feel out of control of their own lives,” said Zephyr Teachout, a Fordham University Law School professor, former candidate for governor of New York, and chair of the institute. That feeling stems from the “society-wide” problem of monopolies in America, she said, and helped to get Donald Trump elected. Facebook, Google, and Amazon have a stranglehold over the “social, commercial, informational, and democratic news community.” They’re as addictive as opioids, and rotting our kids’ brains: Facebook has created nothing less than a “public health problem” by creating the illusion that we are all surrounded by people who believe the same things we do, said Roger McNamee, the Elevation Partners partner and veteran technology investor. “We have taken the notion of ‘it if bleeds, it leads’ and married it to the smart phone and individual personal data,” he said, referring to the old tabloid newspaper adage. “What’s different is they have created individual channels for two billion people.” People are responding to “positive reinforcement on the network” like they do the opioid fentanyl, McNamee said. YouTube’s appeal to kids and Google’s practice of giving away Chrome books to “get children addicted” makes him “terribly concerned” about the impact these companies are having on children. (McNamee’s fears were repeated a day later by Facebook’s first president Sean Parker, who said of the service “God only knows what its doing to our children’s brains.”) They’re killing competitors and other industries: Many panelists highlighted these companies’ practice of shutting down or buying up fledgling competitors. “These guys are stifling economic activity all over the place,” said McNamee. Breaking up AT&T in the 1982, and threatening Microsoft with a breakup in 2000, “unleashed staggering levels of innovation and economic growth,” he said. Amazon’s dominance in online book sales, as it moves into publishing and other content creation, was widely panned as an example of how Big Tech is competing with its own customers, and needs government intervention to break it up. “There is nothing inevitable about the concentration of power,” said Lina Khan, the head of legal policy at Open Markets. “We have a rich set of legal tools to address these problems.” The US’s social media giants are already under fire on Capitol Hill for allowing Russia to weaponize their platforms to meddle in the US election. Amazon’s ruthless price-slashing and non-stop expansion are raising alarms about unfair competition. So far, however US politicians have been slow to pass serious reforms, and the country’s anti-monopoly regulators appear toothless. If these companies are ever reined in, Open Markets is likely to have played a key role. While the panelists spoke about monopolies and powerlessness, tens of thousands of people watched from around the world (yes, via Facebook). Al Franken, the Democratic senator from Minnesota, promised Congress was listening, too, in a keynote speech. For these companies, “we are not their customers, we are their products,” Franken warned. The US government needs to take responsibility to “ensure that these corporations do not endanger our national security, our democracy, or our fundamental freedom,” he said. Big Tech isn’t Open Markets’ only target, Lynn said in an interview later, just the most important right now. “The Big Three platform is going to be a priority for us because of the size and danger posed by these corporations is of a different magnitude from other corporations,” he said. A decade ago, he said, he spent “a lot of time looking at Walmart,” but “Walmart looks like a gnat compared to Amazon today.” 

https://qz.com/1129072/google-goog-facebook-fb-and-amazon-amzn-need-to-be-broken-up-before-they-destroy-america-open-markets-says/

Google, Facebook, and Amazon are controlling Americans’ minds and wallets, and they need to be stopped before they destroy the US economy and democracy itself. That was the message from a dimly-lit, packed conference room in a nondescript Washington DC hotel near the train station last week. Nearly 200 tech executives, journalists, public relations people, and academics attended the event, organized by the Open Markets Institute, a tiny nonprofit that’s becoming a lightening rod for the growing anger and frustration with Big Tech in America. The group, headed by former journalist Barry C. Lynn, was unceremoniously ousted (paywall) from Google-funded think tank New America this summer, days after congratulating European regulators on fining Google €2.42 billion in June for abusing its market dominance. Open Markets has landed on its feet, Lynn told Quartz later, thanks to a group of donors and advisors helping the eight-person team spread its message far and wide. Lynn and his co-panelists delivered a message in DC that was as terrifying as it was absolute—the “Big Three” tech giants need to be cut down to size, immediately. Here are their main points: They’re destroying our intelligence and humanity: “Very precious things about human life and democratic life are being shredded,” by the dominance of Facebook as a news source, warned Franklin Foer, the author of a damning book on the “existential threat” technology poses, and a writer for The Atlantic (Quartz, like The Atlantic, is owned by Atlantic Media). Human beings are becoming “intellectually incapacitated in the face of fake news and demagoguery,” he warned. Their dominance makes us desperate: People “feel out of control of their own lives,” said Zephyr Teachout, a Fordham University Law School professor, former candidate for governor of New York, and chair of the institute. That feeling stems from the “society-wide” problem of monopolies in America, she said, and helped to get Donald Trump elected. Facebook, Google, and Amazon have a stranglehold over the “social, commercial, informational, and democratic news community.” They’re as addictive as opioids, and rotting our kids’ brains: Facebook has created nothing less than a “public health problem” by creating the illusion that we are all surrounded by people who believe the same things we do, said Roger McNamee, the Elevation Partners partner and veteran technology investor. “We have taken the notion of ‘it if bleeds, it leads’ and married it to the smart phone and individual personal data,” he said, referring to the old tabloid newspaper adage. “What’s different is they have created individual channels for two billion people.” People are responding to “positive reinforcement on the network” like they do the opioid fentanyl, McNamee said. YouTube’s appeal to kids and Google’s practice of giving away Chrome books to “get children addicted” makes him “terribly concerned” about the impact these companies are having on children. (McNamee’s fears were repeated a day later by Facebook’s first president Sean Parker, who said of the service “God only knows what its doing to our children’s brains.”) They’re killing competitors and other industries: Many panelists highlighted these companies’ practice of shutting down or buying up fledgling competitors. “These guys are stifling economic activity all over the place,” said McNamee. Breaking up AT&T in the 1982, and threatening Microsoft with a breakup in 2000, “unleashed staggering levels of innovation and economic growth,” he said. Amazon’s dominance in online book sales, as it moves into publishing and other content creation, was widely panned as an example of how Big Tech is competing with its own customers, and needs government intervention to break it up. “There is nothing inevitable about the concentration of power,” said Lina Khan, the head of legal policy at Open Markets. “We have a rich set of legal tools to address these problems.” The US’s social media giants are already under fire on Capitol Hill for allowing Russia to weaponize their platforms to meddle in the US election. Amazon’s ruthless price-slashing and non-stop expansion are raising alarms about unfair competition. So far, however US politicians have been slow to pass serious reforms, and the country’s anti-monopoly regulators appear toothless. If these companies are ever reined in, Open Markets is likely to have played a key role. While the panelists spoke about monopolies and powerlessness, tens of thousands of people watched from around the world (yes, via Facebook). Al Franken, the Democratic senator from Minnesota, promised Congress was listening, too, in a keynote speech. For these companies, “we are not their customers, we are their products,” Franken warned. The US government needs to take responsibility to “ensure that these corporations do not endanger our national security, our democracy, or our fundamental freedom,” he said. Big Tech isn’t Open Markets’ only target, Lynn said in an interview later, just the most important right now. “The Big Three platform is going to be a priority for us because of the size and danger posed by these corporations is of a different magnitude from other corporations,” he said. A decade ago, he said, he spent “a lot of time looking at Walmart,” but “Walmart looks like a gnat compared to Amazon today.” 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/20/insider-selling-alphabet-inc-goog-director-sells-12499930-52-in-stock.html


					Posted by Tatum Peregrin on Nov 20th, 2017 // No Comments  Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Director L John Doerr sold 12,236 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $1,021.57, for a total value of $12,499,930.52. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 3,485 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,560,171.45. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website.  Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) opened at $1,019.09 on Monday. The company has a quick ratio of 5.73, a current ratio of 5.77 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.03. Alphabet Inc. has a one year low of $737.02 and a one year high of $1,048.39. The firm has a market cap of $708,064.81, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.12 and a beta of 0.95.  Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 26th. The information services provider reported $9.57 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $8.31 by $1.26. Alphabet had a net margin of 20.09% and a return on equity of 14.26%. The company had revenue of $27.77 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $27.17 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $9.06 earnings per share. Alphabet’s revenue for the quarter was up 23.7% on a year-over-year basis.  GOOG has been the subject of several analyst reports. Cowen and Company  restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $1,075.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a report on Thursday, August 10th. Wells Fargo & Company  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Friday, October 27th. UBS AG  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Friday, October 27th. J P Morgan Chase & Co  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Tuesday, July 25th. Finally, Societe Generale  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Friday, October 27th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned  a hold rating and thirty-eight have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Alphabet currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $1,047.52. Institutional investors and hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the business. Burt Wealth Advisors boosted its position in  Alphabet by 17.2% during the second quarter. Burt Wealth Advisors now owns 136 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $123,000 after acquiring an additional 20 shares during the last quarter.  Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in  Alphabet by 3.8% during the second quarter. Signature Estate & Investment Advisors LLC now owns 137 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $124,000 after acquiring an additional 5 shares during the last quarter.  Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. boosted its position in  Alphabet by 39.6% during the second quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 141 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $128,000 after acquiring an additional 40 shares during the last quarter.  Farmers National Bank boosted its position in  Alphabet by 15.0% during the first quarter. Farmers National Bank now owns 161 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $134,000 after acquiring an additional 21 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Almanack Investment Partners LLC. boosted its position in  Alphabet by 4.5% during the second quarter. Almanack Investment Partners LLC. now owns 162 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $147,000 after acquiring an additional 7 shares during the last quarter. 34.43% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.   Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

