http://www.newsminer.com/sports/uaf-falls-to-uaa-in-nordic-cup/article_5d4e09e4-cdcd-11e7-b96d-cf820b4b5e75.html

FAIRBANKS — The University of Alaska Fairbanks men’s and women’s Nordic ski team fell to in-state rival Alaska Anchorage in the 14th annual Nordic Cup on Sunday afternoon at Hatcher’s Pass.  UAA finished the two-day event in 4 hours, 49 minutes and 49.4 seconds, while UAF posted a total time of 4:56:10.5. On Sunday, the Seawolves’ mixed gender relay team of Marte Hakenstad-Braten, Hailey Swirbull, Tracen Knopp and Toomas Kollo won the 4x5-kilometer relay in 1:04:42.8 at the independence Mine Trails. The Nanooks’ mixed gender relay team consisting of Anna Darnell, Ann-Cathrin Uhl, Jan Cech and Arnaud Guyon took second, finishing the event in 1:04:59.5 Alaska Anchorage also finished third in 1:06:21.0, though Alaska’s second relay team, which features Anja Maijala, Hannah Dueling, Seiji Takagi and Max Donaldson, took fourth in 1:06:28.7. On Saturday, the rivals competed in the individual-start 10/7.5km classic race. The Seawolves’ top men’s team captured first in the 10km with a time of 88:23.6, while the Nanooks’ top squad finished in 88:50.4. Anchorage’s top three women tallied a time of 70:22.0 in the 7.5km, and Alaska’s completed the course in 75:51.9. “I’ve got to give credit to UAA and their coaching staff because they have a much stronger team than what we’ve faced in recent years, especially on the women’s side,” Nanooks head coach Nick Crawford said Saturday in UAF news release. “Their last two years of recruiting have been very successful and I expect that they’ll have a very good season ahead.” Alaska’s men were led by redshirt senior Jan Cech, who took second among college skiers and third overall with a time of 20:19.5. Senior Seiji Takagi (29:41.0) finished fifth overall and classmate Alexander Eckert (29:49.9) captured seventh. In the women’s race, Uhl finished sixth overall after completing the 7.5km course in 24:54.8. Kati Roivas (24:59.2) and Darnell (25:57.9) finished seventh and 10th overall, respectively.  The Nanooks will return to the trails after Christmas break, as they’ll compete in the U.S. Cross Country National Championships on Jan. 3 and 5 at the Kincaid Park Trails in Anchorage.  Contact News-Miner sports writer Brad Joyal at 459-7530. Follow him on Twitter: @FDNMSportsGuy. If you have an event you'd like to list on the site, submit it now! Let us know what you're seeing and hearing around the community.   
Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.
             
Error! There was an error processing your request.
             A daily digest of the top headlines in the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner. Breaking news, as it happens, in your in-box Get our weekly Latitude 65 calendar in your email inbox.  Today's sports headlines from the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner Get Kris Capps' community news and weekly Denali Life columns in your in-box Sunday through Thursday.  Available at local newsstands or subscribe at 459-7566 

https://www.adn.com/sports/running/2017/11/18/uaa-runner-kurgat-claims-dii-national-title-ostrander-4th-at-di-championships/

 A woman who came to Alaska to earn a nursing degree became a national champion for the Seawolves on Saturday.  Caroline Kurgat, a senior nursing student from Eldoret, Kenya, breezed to a 20-second victory at the NCAA Division II national cross country championships in Evansville, Indiana.  Her triumph came around the same time as, and about 125 miles to the west of, another big performance by an Alaska woman.  Soldotna's Allie Ostrander ran to fourth place at the Division I national championships in Louisville, Kentucky. She was 11.7 seconds behind the winner.  Kurgat pulled away midway through her 6-kilometer race and was unchallenged the rest of the way.  "She won it in dominating fashion and went out for the lead," UAA coach Michael Friess said in a press release from the school. "She didn't want anyone to run away with it, so she went with it and just kind of established the lead and ran home strong."  It was the second top-three national-championship finish for Kurgat, 24, and the second top-four finish for Ostrander, 20.  Kurgat placed third at last year's D-II championships, and Ostrander placed second at the 2015 D-I championships. A redshirt sophomore for Boise State, Ostrander missed last season with an injury.  Both women are leaders in the classroom as well as on the running trails.  Ostrander is a kinesiology major with a 4.00 grade-point average, which on Saturday earned her an NCAA Elite 90 award, given to the athlete with the highest cumulative GPA at each of the NCAA's 90 championship events throughout the school year.  Kurgat owns a 3.51 GPA in nursing and medical laboratory science and is on track to achieve her dream of earning a nursing degree. That dream led her to UAA, which boasts not only a nursing program but a running program with a long history of attracting athletes from Kenya.  She's the first woman and the second athlete to win a cross-country championship for UAA. Micah Chelimo, another Kenya runner, won the men's national title in 2012.  Kurgat broke away from early pacesetter Hannah Wolkenhauer of Queen's University about 3 kilometers into Saturday's race. She won in 20 minutes, 32.3 seconds, nearly 20 seconds ahead of second-place Sarah Berger of Walsh University.  "I was racing with (Wolkenhauer) at the beginning, but then she started to fall back and I didn't want to fall back so I decided (it was time) to just focus on my own race," Kurgat said in the UAA press release. "I knew this was my last race and that I had to do something better than last year.  "… It's an awesome feeling and I'm really proud that I achieved (it)."  Kurgat led the UAA women to fifth place in the team standings with 180 points, one point away from fourth-place Chico State. Adams State won the team title with 126 points.  Two UAA runners joined Kurgat as All-Americans — Zennah Jepchumba, a junior who placed 32nd in the women's 6K, and Edwin Kangogo, a senior who finished 19th in the men's 10K.  All five women who scored points for the Seawolves cracked the top 100. Besides Kurgat and Jepchumba (21:38.4), Emmah Chelimo was 44th (21:48.4), Danielle McCormick was 45th (21:49.9) and Mariah Burroughs was 81st (22:18.9). The race had 247 finishers.  [Ostrander, minus one shoe, triumphs in return to cross country]  In Louisville, Ostrander ran in the lead pack for the entire race.  Going into the final 2 kilometers, she was a step or two behind the leader. That's when winner Ednah Kurgat of New Mexico — who's from the same Kenya city as Caroline Kurgat but is no relation — broke free to win with a record-setting time of 19:19.5.  The time beat the previous NCAA best of 19:27.9, recorded in 2012 by Betsy Saina of Iowa State.  With Kurgat forging a late lead, Ostrander was left in a three-way battle for second place. Washington's Amy-Eloise Neale used a strong finishing kick to place second in 19:27.0, San Francisco's Charlotte Taylor placed third in 19:28.6 and Ostrander was fourth in 19:31.2.  Neale and Taylor are both seniors, while Kurgat and Ostrander are both sophomores. Like Ostrander, Kurgat sat out last season after transferring from Liberty University to New Mexico.  Ostrander was bidding for her second national championship. Last spring, she won the 3,000-meter steeplechase title at the Division I track and field championships. 

http://www.ktuu.com/content/news/Kurgat-wins--458519743.html

It was a big weekend for both UAA’s Caroline Kurgat and Alaska’s Allie Ostrander at the NCAA Cross Country Championships. Kurgat winning NCAA Div. II Cross Country title, Saturday in Evansville, Ind. The senior from Eldoret, Kenya won the 6-kilometer race with a time of 20:32.3.  She joins Micah Chelimo, 2012 men’s 10-kilometer champion, as the only two runners in program history to win individual titles. The UAA women finished fourth as a team. The top finisher for the men was Edwin Kangogo, taking 19th in the men’s 10-kilometer race with a time of 31:32.5  In Louisville, Kentucky, Alaska’s Allie Ostrander finished 5th at the Women’s NCAA Div. I Cross Country Championships with a time of 19:31.2. Ostrander led Boise State finishing in fourth individually, helping the Bronco women finish 6th — resulting in the university's best finish in program history. 

https://www.adn.com/sports/running/2017/11/18/uaa-runner-kurgat-claims-dii-national-title-ostrander-4th-at-di-championships/

 A woman who came to Alaska to earn a nursing degree became a national champion for the Seawolves on Saturday.  Caroline Kurgat, a senior nursing student from Eldoret, Kenya, breezed to a 20-second victory at the NCAA Division II national cross country championships in Evansville, Indiana.  Her triumph came around the same time as, and about 125 miles to the west of, another big performance by an Alaska woman.  Soldotna's Allie Ostrander ran to fourth place at the Division I national championships in Louisville, Kentucky. She was 11.7 seconds behind the winner.  Kurgat pulled away midway through her 6-kilometer race and was unchallenged the rest of the way.  "She won it in dominating fashion and went out for the lead," UAA coach Michael Friess said in a press release from the school. "She didn't want anyone to run away with it, so she went with it and just kind of established the lead and ran home strong."  It was the second top-three national-championship finish for Kurgat, 24, and the second top-four finish for Ostrander, 20.  Kurgat placed third at last year's D-II championships, and Ostrander placed second at the 2015 D-I championships. A redshirt sophomore for Boise State, Ostrander missed last season with an injury.  Both women are leaders in the classroom as well as on the running trails.  Ostrander is a kinesiology major with a 4.00 grade-point average, which on Saturday earned her an NCAA Elite 90 award, given to the athlete with the highest cumulative GPA at each of the NCAA's 90 championship events throughout the school year.  Kurgat owns a 3.51 GPA in nursing and medical laboratory science and is on track to achieve her dream of earning a nursing degree. That dream led her to UAA, which boasts not only a nursing program but a running program with a long history of attracting athletes from Kenya.  She's the first woman and the second athlete to win a cross-country championship for UAA. Micah Chelimo, another Kenya runner, won the men's national title in 2012.  Kurgat broke away from early pacesetter Hannah Wolkenhauer of Queen's University about 3 kilometers into Saturday's race. She won in 20 minutes, 32.3 seconds, nearly 20 seconds ahead of second-place Sarah Berger of Walsh University.  "I was racing with (Wolkenhauer) at the beginning, but then she started to fall back and I didn't want to fall back so I decided (it was time) to just focus on my own race," Kurgat said in the UAA press release. "I knew this was my last race and that I had to do something better than last year.  "… It's an awesome feeling and I'm really proud that I achieved (it)."  Kurgat led the UAA women to fifth place in the team standings with 180 points, one point away from fourth-place Chico State. Adams State won the team title with 126 points.  Two UAA runners joined Kurgat as All-Americans — Zennah Jepchumba, a junior who placed 32nd in the women's 6K, and Edwin Kangogo, a senior who finished 19th in the men's 10K.  All five women who scored points for the Seawolves cracked the top 100. Besides Kurgat and Jepchumba (21:38.4), Emmah Chelimo was 44th (21:48.4), Danielle McCormick was 45th (21:49.9) and Mariah Burroughs was 81st (22:18.9). The race had 247 finishers.  [Ostrander, minus one shoe, triumphs in return to cross country]  In Louisville, Ostrander ran in the lead pack for the entire race.  Going into the final 2 kilometers, she was a step or two behind the leader. That's when winner Ednah Kurgat of New Mexico — who's from the same Kenya city as Caroline Kurgat but is no relation — broke free to win with a record-setting time of 19:19.5.  The time beat the previous NCAA best of 19:27.9, recorded in 2012 by Betsy Saina of Iowa State.  With Kurgat forging a late lead, Ostrander was left in a three-way battle for second place. Washington's Amy-Eloise Neale used a strong finishing kick to place second in 19:27.0, San Francisco's Charlotte Taylor placed third in 19:28.6 and Ostrander was fourth in 19:31.2.  Neale and Taylor are both seniors, while Kurgat and Ostrander are both sophomores. Like Ostrander, Kurgat sat out last season after transferring from Liberty University to New Mexico.  Ostrander was bidding for her second national championship. Last spring, she won the 3,000-meter steeplechase title at the Division I track and field championships. 

http://www.uppermichiganssource.com/content/sports/Tech-Comes-Back-for-3-3-Tie-Saturday-at-UAA-458699003.html

ANCHORAGE, Alaska ANCHORAGE, Alaska – The Michigan Tech hockey team extended its unbeaten streak at Alaska Anchorage to seven games with a 3-3 tie Saturday (Nov. 18) at Sullivan Arena. The Seawolves earned the extra WCHA point for the second night in a row with a 3-on-3 overtime goal with 1:43 left on the clock.The Huskies came back from a two-goal third period deficit and dominated in shots on goal for the second night in a row."I'm proud of the effort," Tech coach Joe Shawhan said. "There is a lot of frustration with the lack of scoring. We had tremendous opportunities to score and missed about eight wide-open nets. I give our guys a ton of credit for fighting through that frustration and tying it up."Most of the games we are going to win this year are going to be one-goal wins. We have to learn how to play in those games, not beat ourselves, and play with character."Down 3-1, Dane Birks buried his third of the season to bring the Black and Gold to within one 5:00 into the third. On the man advantage, he took a long blast through traffic with Keegan Ford and Thomas Beretta assisting on the play.Alex Smith tied it at three, scoring his first of the season, with 3:50 remaining in the third, as he banged in a loose puck near the faceoff dot to the left of the UAA net. Jake Jackson and Birks added the assists.In the first overtime, Tech dominated in shots 5-1. Brent Baltus and Gavin Gould both had quality scoring chances in the opening minute. Baltus carried the puck to the front of the net but had his backhand shot saved. Gould chipped at a rebound that just squeaked wide moments later. Joel L'Esperance hit the post with 2:15 on the OT clock as he was trying to finish off a 2-on-1 rush with Jake Lucchini.The Huskies controlled much of the play in the 3-on-3, but Trey deGraaf scored for the Seawolves after he brought the puck to the front of the net and Tech goaltender Patrick Munson missed on the poke check.Like Friday night, the Black and Gold took an early lead before the home team tied it up. Alex Gillies buried his second of the year 2:44 into the game, tipping in Mitch Reinke's long shot. Greyson Reitmeier won the draw back to Reinke to pick up the secondary assist.Eric Sinclair tied it up just over 3:00 later, capitalizing on a Husky turnover. Natha Renouf and deGraaf assisted on the play.UAA (1-7-4, 1-2-3-3 WCHA) then took its first lead of the weekend with 2:39 remaining before the first intermission on a goal by Jonah Renouf.Jeremiah Luedtke scored the lone goal of the second period 15:14 in for the 3-1 Anchorage lead.Tech took 80 total shots on the night. 40 made it to the net, 15 were blocked by the defense, and 25 missed the net.Robbie Beydoun made his second career start for Tech, stopping 8-of-11 shots before Munson came in relief. Munson stopped all 13 shots he faced in the final 35:14 of the game.Both teams were whistled for six penalties. Tech was 1-for-5 on the power play and 5-for-5 on the penalty kill.Tech is 5-6-4 overall and 3-5-4-1 in the WCHA and continues its road trip with a WCHA series at Alaska after Thanksgiving on November 24-25. The puck drops at 11:07 p.m. both nights against the Nanooks at the Carlson Center. 

https://www.adn.com/sports/uaa-athletics/2017/11/18/uaa-hockey-holds-on-for-extra-point-in-3-on-3-overtime-ties-michigan-tech-3-3/

 Two-point ties are becoming a trend for the UAA hockey team.  The Seawolves earned their third straight two-point tie Saturday night at Sullivan Arena and their second straight against the Michigan Tech Huskies.  UAA watched a two-goal lead disappear in the third period, but held on to tie the Huskies 3-3. After a scoreless 5-on-5 overtime period, UAA freshman winger Trey deGraaf notched a goal in 3-on-3 overtime to secure the extra point in the Western Collegiate Hockey Association standings.  The Seawolves (1-7-4, 1-2-3 WCHA) have earned six points over their last three games and sit alone at No. 6 in the conference with nine points.  Michigan Tech (5-6-4, 3-5-4) fell to No. 4 with 14 points. Minnesota State is No. 1 with 21.  "Great way to start our WCHA home streak," UAA coach Matt Thomas said by text. "Getting points in this league is tough and to do it for three consecutive games is a great sign.  "We need to use this as a positive and take the next step."  Michigan Tech flew out to an early lead for the second consecutive game Saturday, when winger Alex Gillies scored less than three minutes into the game.  UAA answered with a pair of Seawolves snagging their first goals of the season. Freshman defenseman Eric Sinclair tied the game at 1-1 at six minutes into the game and sophomore center Jonah Renouf gave UAA a 2-1 lead with a goal late in the period.  The Seawolves survived a five-minute major penalty to begin the second period with five saves from goalie Olivier Mantha and UAA scored again on a Jeremiah Luedtke goal, his third of the season, to go up 3-1.  But the Huskies fought back with two goals in the third to steal a point in the standings. Michigan Tech's Dane Birks scored on a power-play and Alex Smith tied the game at 3-3 with four minutes remaining in regulation.  UAA winger Austin Azurdia had his four-game goal streak snapped, but he improved his point streak to five games with an assist on the Luedtke goal.  Mantha tallied 37 saves to finish the two-game series with 75.  Michigan Tech goalie Robbie Beydoun stopped eight pucks and allowed three goals in 35 minutes and Patrick Munson, who entered the game late in the second period, recorded 13 saves and didn't allow a goal to earn the tie for the Huskies. 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/20/lookout-for-price-target-under-armour-inc-uaa-under-armour-inc-ua/

Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UAA) gained 2.51% with the closing price of $13.08. The overall volume in the last trading session was 8.05 million shares. Company Growth Evolution: ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UAA) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 4.88 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry’s average stands at 13.24 and sector’s optimum level is -65.63. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Under Armour, Inc. (UAA) have shown a high EPS growth of 13.60% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -57.70% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 3.20 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The stock appeared $33.45 above its 52-week highs and is up 4.47% for the last five trades. The stock ended last trade at $13.08 a share and the price is up more than -54.97% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 2.75 vs. an industry average at 9.84. Its sales stood at 26.80% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued. Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UA) ended its day at $11.73 with the rising stream of 3.99% and its total traded volume was 7.99 million shares more than the average volume. Returns and Valuations for Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UA) Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UA), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 4.88, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry’s average. The average of this ratio is 13.24 for the industry and sector’s best figure appears -65.63. Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UA), at its latest closing price of $11.73, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.75, compared to an industry average at 9.84. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you’re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately. Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UA), stock is trading $29.53 above the 52-week high. The 1 year EPS growth rate is -67.20% . Its share price has decline -22.57% in three months and is up 3.17% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 3.30. 

https://bzweekly.com/susquehanna-gives-under-armour-uaa-a-higher-rating-raises-its-negative-rating/



					

						November 20, 2017 - By Marguerite Chambers
   Under Armour (UAA) Stock Upgrade
 Stock research analysts at the Susquehanna equities research division boosted shares of Under Armour (UAA) from a Negative to a Neutral on Tuesday, 7 November.






(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});


  Stock research analysts at the Susquehanna equities research division boosted shares of Under Armour (UAA) from a Negative to a Neutral on Tuesday, 7 November. Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UAA) Ratings Coverage
Among 25 analysts covering Under Armour (UAA), 3 have Buy rating, 11 Sell and 11 Hold. Therefore 12% are positive. Under Armour has $24.0 highest and $10 lowest target. $15.64’s average target is 19.57% above currents $13.08 stock price. Under Armour had 36 analyst reports since January 19, 2017 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Sell” rating by Canaccord Genuity given on Wednesday, November 1. On Wednesday, November 1 the stock rating was maintained by Buckingham Research with “Underperform”. The firm has “Neutral” rating by Susquehanna given on Tuesday, November 7. Deutsche Bank maintained the stock with “Sell” rating in Thursday, October 26 report. Buckingham Research maintained Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UAA) rating on Wednesday, August 2. Buckingham Research has “Underperform” rating and $14 target. The firm has “Neutral” rating given on Wednesday, August 2 by Citigroup. Morgan Stanley upgraded Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UAA) on Tuesday, February 14 to “Equal-Weight” rating. The firm has “Underperform” rating by FBR Capital given on Monday, April 3. The company was upgraded on Monday, September 25 by KeyBanc Capital Markets. The firm earned “Hold” rating on Thursday, October 12 by Canaccord Genuity.
The stock increased 2.43% or $0.31 on November 17, reaching $13.08. About 37 shares traded. Under Armour Inc (UAA) has declined 48.99% since November 20, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 65.69% the S&P500.
 Among 25 analysts covering Under Armour (UAA), 3 have Buy rating, 11 Sell and 11 Hold. Therefore 12% are positive. Under Armour has $24.0 highest and $10 lowest target. $15.64’s average target is 19.57% above currents $13.08 stock price. Under Armour had 36 analyst reports since January 19, 2017 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Sell” rating by Canaccord Genuity given on Wednesday, November 1. On Wednesday, November 1 the stock rating was maintained by Buckingham Research with “Underperform”. The firm has “Neutral” rating by Susquehanna given on Tuesday, November 7. Deutsche Bank maintained the stock with “Sell” rating in Thursday, October 26 report. Buckingham Research maintained Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UAA) rating on Wednesday, August 2. Buckingham Research has “Underperform” rating and $14 target. The firm has “Neutral” rating given on Wednesday, August 2 by Citigroup. Morgan Stanley upgraded Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UAA) on Tuesday, February 14 to “Equal-Weight” rating. The firm has “Underperform” rating by FBR Capital given on Monday, April 3. The company was upgraded on Monday, September 25 by KeyBanc Capital Markets. The firm earned “Hold” rating on Thursday, October 12 by Canaccord Genuity. The stock increased 2.43% or $0.31 on November 17, reaching $13.08. About 37 shares traded. Under Armour Inc (UAA) has declined 48.99% since November 20, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 65.69% the S&P500. Wall Street await Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UAA) to release earnings on January, 30. Analysts forecast EPS of $0.02, down exactly $0.21 or 91.30 % from 2014’s $0.23 EPS. The expected UAA’s profit could reach $8.36M giving the stock 163.50 P/E in the case that $0.02 earnings per share is reported. After posting $0.22 EPS for the previous quarter, Under Armour Inc’s analysts now forecast -90.91 % negative EPS growth.  Under Armour, Inc. is engaged in the development, marketing and distribution of branded performance apparel, footwear and accessories for men, women and youth. The company has market cap of $5.47 billion. The Company’s divisions include North America, consisting of the United States and Canada; Europe, the Middle East and Africa ; Asia-Pacific; Latin America, and Connected Fitness. It has a 41.06 P/E ratio. The Company’s products are sold across the world and worn by athletes at all levels, from youth to professional, on playing fields around the globe, as well as by clients with active lifestyles. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/uaa-stock-fall-further/

Source: Shutterstock For the past two years, calling a bottom in Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UAA) stock has been a losing man’s game. It will remain so until UAA stock comes down a lot more. The valuation on UAA stock remains unreasonably rich. The brand is showing no signs of executing a turnaround strategy. Competitors Nike Inc (NYSE:NKE) and adidas AG (ADR) (OTCMKTS:ADDYY) are starting to aggressively up their games in the North American market, which is where Under Armour gets more than 75% of its revenues. That is a deadly combination for UAA stock. Over the next several months, barring some unforeseen catalyst, UAA stock will simply continue to grind lower. The UAA brand isn’t what it used to be two years ago. In 2015, Under Armour was a formidable competitor to Nike and Adidas. Today, Under Armour has fallen way behind Nike and Adidas in terms of popularity and market share. This isn’t going to change anytime soon. Under Armour simply doesn’t have any exciting products on the market that athletes want to wear. To understand this, just do simple channel checks on the websites of Foot Locker, Inc. (NYSE:FL) and Finish Line Inc (NASDAQ:FINL). Foot Locker’s best-selling Men’s Basketball shoe list is dominated by Nike and Jordan. Under Armour’s brand new Curry 4 is a few scrolls down. The Curry 4 is doing better at Finish Line, but the top-selling Men’s Basketball shoe list there is still dominated by Nike and Jordan. It’s worth noting that the Curry 4 just launched globally, so if things were going well on the demand side for Under Armour, it’d be the top-selling Men’s Basketball shoe everywhere. Meanwhile, you’d be hard-pressed to find an Under Armour shoe on Foot Locker’s best-selling Men’s Casual shoe list. Same with Finish Line’s best-selling Men’s Casual shoe list. The running picture is equally ugly for Under Armour. Adidas and Nike dominate Foot Locker’s best-selling Men’s Running shoe list. Under Armour, again, is nowhere to be found. The first Under Armour shoe on Finish Line’s best-selling Men’s Running shoe list is a few scrolls down. On to apparel: Under Armour shirts aren’t too popular at Foot Locker, while they clearly lag Nike and Jordan shirts at Finish Line. Same on the Men’s Hoodie and Sweatshirt front. All in all, it is clear to see that an Under Armour turnaround isn’t going to happen anytime soon. When Under Armour was an iconic brand back in 2015, its products were found everywhere on the aforementioned best-selling lists. Today, they aren’t found anywhere. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/uaa-stock-fall-further/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/17/choosing-between-under-armour-inc-uaa-and-under-armour-inc-ua/

Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UAA) and Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UA) are both Consumer Goods companies that recently hit new low. Naturally, this has created a bit of a stir amongst investors. We will compare the two companies across various metrics including growth, profitability, risk, return, dividends, and valuation to determine if one is a better choice than the other. Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UAA) operates in the Textile – Apparel Clothing segment of the Consumer Goods sector. The company has grown sales at a 26.80% annual rate over the past five years, putting it in the high growth category. UAA has a net profit margin of 2.90% and is more profitable than the average company in the Textile – Apparel Clothing industry. Company’s return on equity, which is really just the product of the company’s profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage ratios, is 7.00%, which is worse than the Textile – Apparel Clothing industry average ROE. Stock’s free cash flow yield, which represents the amount of cash available to investors before dividends, expressed as a percentage of the stock price, is -0.47. Company trades at a P/E ratio of 40.00, and is more expensive than the average stock in the Textile – Apparel Clothing industry. The average investment recommendation for UAA, taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts, is 3.20, or a hold. Over the past three months, Under Armour, Inc. insiders have been net buyers, dumping a net of -5,211 shares. This implies that insiders have been feeling relatively bearish about the outlook for UAA. Insider activity and sentiment signals are important to monitor because they can shed light on how “risky” a stock is perceived to be at it’s current valuation. Knowing this, it makes sense to look at beta, a measure of market risk. UAA has a beta of 0.04 and therefore an below average level of market volatility. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UA) operates in the Textile – Apparel Clothing segment of the Consumer Goods sector. UA’s asset turnover ratio is 1.29 and the company has financial leverage of 0.84. The company trades at a free cash flow yield of -0.53 and has a P/E of 22.83. Compared to the average company in the 28.73 space, UA is relatively cheap. The average analyst recommendation for UA is 3.30, or a hold. Under Armour, Inc. insiders have bought a net of 362 shares during the past three months, which implies that the company’s top executives have been feeling bullish about the stock’s outlook. Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UAA) scores higher than Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UA) on 6 of the 13 measures compared between the two companies. UAA has the better fundamentals, scoring higher on growth, profitability, leverage and return metrics. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

