https://finance.yahoo.com/news/allergan-agn-report-q3-earnings-161604945.html

Allergan plc AGN will report third-quarter 2017 earnings on Nov 1, before the market opens. Last quarter, the company delivered a positive earnings surprise of 1.77%. Allergan’s share price has declined 14.1% this year so far, outperforming the 27.6% decline witnessed by the industry. Allergan’s earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%. Let’s see how things are shaping up for this announcement. Factors to Consider At the Q2 call, Allergan had said that third-quarter revenues are expected to be at similar levels to the second quarter. Second-quarter revenues rose 8.8% year over year. Third quarter revenues are likely to be driven by new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi, international growth and growth from key established products like Botox and Linzess. However, Namenda IR is facing generic competition, which will continue to hurt sales of the drug. Meanwhile, Namenda XR sales also declined in the previous quarters due to lower demand and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept. The company does not expect a generic version of Namenda XR to be launched until first quarter of 2018. Investors will be interested to find out how Namzaric performed in the quarter. Last quarter, Allergan saw improved sales of Namzaric due to continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages. The positive trend is expected to continue. Meanwhile, the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (Jan 2017) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (Apr 2017) acquisitions are likely to support the top line in the quarter. However, loss of exclusivity of Asacol HD and Minastrin may remain an overhang on the top line. Higher promotional expenses for key products, increased costs to support an advancing pipeline and the addition of lower margin LifeCell and ZELTIQ acquisitions can put pressure on Allergan’s margins. In fact, at the Q2 call, Allergan mentioned that SG&A and R&D expenses will be higher in the third quarter compared with the fourth quarter. Higher promotional activities, given the timing of new launches and continued strong promotion for key brands, are expected to lead to higher sales and marketing costs in the third quarter. Investors will also be keen to know management’s plans to protect Restasis, its second best-selling drug, from generic competition. Earlier this month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering Restasis, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire on Aug 27, 2024. Allergan also came under fire recently for its agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company to protect Restasis from generic competition. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drugmakers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs. Investors will also be interested to know the impact of new competition on Allergan’s key products – Restasis and Linzess. Shire’s SHPG dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy’s Trulance (plecanatide) was launched in the second quarter for CIC, which could pose competition to Linzess. Earnings Whispers Our proven model does not conclusively show that Allergan is likely to beat on earnings this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here, as you will see below. Zacks ESP: The Most Accurate estimate stands at $4.03, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged higher at $4.06. This results in an Earnings ESP of -0.69%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. Zacks Rank: Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4. We caution against Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions. Stocks to Consider Some stocks in the biotech/pharma sector that have a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank are: Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR, scheduled to release results on Oct 31, has an Earnings ESP of + 5.53% and a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Clovis Oncology, Inc. CLVS, scheduled to release results on Nov 1, has an Earnings ESP of +2.01% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside? Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.      Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.   See the pot trades we're targeting>> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Allergan PLC. (AGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (ACOR) : Free Stock Analysis Report Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS) : Free Stock Analysis Report Shire PLC (SHPG) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/allergan-agn-report-q3-earnings-161604945.html

Allergan plc AGN will report third-quarter 2017 earnings on Nov 1, before the market opens. Last quarter, the company delivered a positive earnings surprise of 1.77%. Allergan’s share price has declined 14.1% this year so far, outperforming the 27.6% decline witnessed by the industry. Allergan’s earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%. Let’s see how things are shaping up for this announcement. Factors to Consider At the Q2 call, Allergan had said that third-quarter revenues are expected to be at similar levels to the second quarter. Second-quarter revenues rose 8.8% year over year. Third quarter revenues are likely to be driven by new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi, international growth and growth from key established products like Botox and Linzess. However, Namenda IR is facing generic competition, which will continue to hurt sales of the drug. Meanwhile, Namenda XR sales also declined in the previous quarters due to lower demand and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept. The company does not expect a generic version of Namenda XR to be launched until first quarter of 2018. Investors will be interested to find out how Namzaric performed in the quarter. Last quarter, Allergan saw improved sales of Namzaric due to continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages. The positive trend is expected to continue. Meanwhile, the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (Jan 2017) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (Apr 2017) acquisitions are likely to support the top line in the quarter. However, loss of exclusivity of Asacol HD and Minastrin may remain an overhang on the top line. Higher promotional expenses for key products, increased costs to support an advancing pipeline and the addition of lower margin LifeCell and ZELTIQ acquisitions can put pressure on Allergan’s margins. In fact, at the Q2 call, Allergan mentioned that SG&A and R&D expenses will be higher in the third quarter compared with the fourth quarter. Higher promotional activities, given the timing of new launches and continued strong promotion for key brands, are expected to lead to higher sales and marketing costs in the third quarter. Investors will also be keen to know management’s plans to protect Restasis, its second best-selling drug, from generic competition. Earlier this month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering Restasis, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire on Aug 27, 2024. Allergan also came under fire recently for its agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company to protect Restasis from generic competition. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drugmakers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs. Investors will also be interested to know the impact of new competition on Allergan’s key products – Restasis and Linzess. Shire’s SHPG dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy’s Trulance (plecanatide) was launched in the second quarter for CIC, which could pose competition to Linzess. Earnings Whispers Our proven model does not conclusively show that Allergan is likely to beat on earnings this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here, as you will see below. Zacks ESP: The Most Accurate estimate stands at $4.03, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged higher at $4.06. This results in an Earnings ESP of -0.69%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. Zacks Rank: Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4. We caution against Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions. Stocks to Consider Some stocks in the biotech/pharma sector that have a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank are: Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR, scheduled to release results on Oct 31, has an Earnings ESP of + 5.53% and a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Clovis Oncology, Inc. CLVS, scheduled to release results on Nov 1, has an Earnings ESP of +2.01% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside? Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.      Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.   See the pot trades we're targeting>> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Allergan PLC. (AGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (ACOR) : Free Stock Analysis Report Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS) : Free Stock Analysis Report Shire PLC (SHPG) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

http://www.hotstockspoint.com/2017/10/active-mover-allergan-plc-nyse-agn-2/

On Friday, Shares of Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) expressed a change of 1.41% and closed its trade at $178.82. The stock exchanged hands with 3,771,041 numbers of shares compared to its average daily volume of 3.02M shares. When trading is lighter than usual, it is said to be “thin.” When there’s more trading than usual, it is called “heavy trading.” Volume is the basic fuel of the market since stocks move up or down in price only when shares are trading hands. The market capitalization (Stock Price Multiply by Total Number of Outstanding Shares) for the company is reported at $59.94B. The company has its outstanding shares of 335.20M. Outstanding shares refer to a company’s stock presently held by all its shareholders, counting share blocks held by institutional shareholders and restricted shares owned by the company’s officers and insiders. After a recent check, it is observed that the insiders for the firm currently own 0.20% shares. There has been an observed change of -0.27% in the ownership of the shares in the past six months. However, the institutional investors are observed to own 86.10% of the total shares. During last 3 month period, -0.02% of total institutional ownership has changed in the company shares. What Historical Figures Say About Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN)? Before trading, trader, investor or shareholder must have an eye on stock’s historical performance. Analysts review historical return data when trying to predict future returns or to estimate how a security might react to a particular situation, such as a drop in consumer demand. Historical returns can also be useful when estimating where future points of data may fall in terms of standard deviations. Analyzing historical data can give some perception of how a security or market has reacted to various different variables, from regular economic cycles to sudden world events. Shareholders looking to interpret historical returns should keep one caveat in mind: you can’t assume that the future will be like the past. The older the historical return data is, the more likely it is to be less useful when predicting future returns. Historical return data for AGN stock is described below: Looking into last 5 trades, the stock observed a return of almost -5.02%. However, -12.38% over the last one month, -29.13% for the last quarter and year to date performance stands at -14.85%. Important Technical Indicators to Consider: ATR value of the company was 5.80 and Relative Strength Index (RSI) was 27.02. The stock volatility for the week was 2.68% while for the month was 2.82%. The stock was trading at a distance of -30.37% from its 52-week highs and stands 2.38% away from its 52-week lows. AGN’s latest closing price was -22.46% away from the average price of 200 days while it maintained a distance of -15.55% from the 50 Day Moving Average and -9.80% away compared to its SMA 20. Analysts’ Suggestions in the Limelight: Analysts have given a mean recommendation of 2.20 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The mean target price as estimated by the analysts for the company has been recorded at $240.78. Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Hotstockspoint.com are only for information purposes. Hot Stocks Point (HSP) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of Hot Stocks Point; however, human error can exist.   

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/10/30/allergan-plc-agn-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-royal-bank-of-canada.html


					Posted by Joyce Ramirez on Oct 30th, 2017 // No Comments  Royal Bank Of Canada restated their outperform rating on shares of Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN)  in a research report sent to investors on Thursday, October 19th, MarketBeat Ratings reports. Royal Bank Of Canada currently has a $250.00 price objective on the stock, down from their previous price objective of $277.00. The analysts noted that the move was a valuation call. A number of other analysts have also issued reports on AGN. Vetr raised Allergan PLC. from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $242.88 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, June 26th. BidaskClub raised Allergan PLC. from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report on Saturday, June 24th. Zacks Investment Research raised Allergan PLC. from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $270.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Piper Jaffray Companies  reissued a hold rating and issued a $231.00 target price on shares of Allergan PLC. in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG  reissued a buy rating and issued a $273.00 target price (up previously from $265.00) on shares of Allergan PLC. in a research report on Monday, July 17th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned  a hold rating and twelve have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $252.39. Allergan PLC. (NYSE AGN) opened at 178.82 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $205.52 and a 200 day moving average price of $228.30. Allergan PLC. has a 52 week low of $174.66 and a 52 week high of $256.80. The company has a market cap of $59.78 billion, a P/E ratio of 5.45 and a beta of 1.15.  Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. The company reported $4.02 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $3.95 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $4.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.95 billion. Allergan PLC. had a return on equity of 7.37% and a net margin of 79.17%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 8.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $3.35 earnings per share.  Analysts expect that  Allergan PLC. will post $16.21 EPS for the current fiscal year.  Allergan PLC. announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a stock repurchase program on Monday, September 25th that allows the company to buyback $2.00 billion in    shares. This buyback authorization allows the company to buy up to 2.8% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  buyback programs are usually a sign that the company’s board believes its shares are undervalued.  The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, November 17th will be paid a dividend of $0.70 per share. This represents a $2.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.57%. Allergan PLC.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 9.95%.  Institutional investors and hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Honeywell International Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 13.6% during the second quarter. Honeywell International Inc. now owns 168,130 shares of the company’s stock worth $40,871,000 after buying an additional 20,100 shares during the period.  Israel Discount Bank of New York acquired a new stake in  Allergan PLC. in the first quarter valued at about $988,000.  Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. lifted its position in  Allergan PLC. by 39.0% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. now owns 15,122 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,099,000 after purchasing an additional 4,244 shares during the period.  Colony Group LLC lifted its position in  Allergan PLC. by 9.9% in the second quarter. Colony Group LLC now owns 39,802 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,675,000 after purchasing an additional 3,577 shares during the period.  Finally, Palladium Partners LLC lifted its position in  Allergan PLC. by 1.7% in the second quarter. Palladium Partners LLC now owns 31,161 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,575,000 after purchasing an additional 523 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  82.02% of the company’s stock.  Allergan PLC. Company Profile Allergan, Inc is a multi-specialty healthcare company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices and over-the-counter (OTC) products. It discovers, develops and commercializes a range of products for the ophthalmic, neurological, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology, breast aesthetics, urological and other specialty markets.   Receive News & Ratings for Allergan PLC. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allergan PLC. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/10/30/allergan-plc-agn-earns-hold-rating-from-edward-jones.html


					Posted by Jesse Mackey on Oct 30th, 2017 // No Comments  Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reissued by equities research analysts at Edward Jones in a research report issued on Wednesday, October 18th. A number of other equities research analysts also recently commented on AGN. Vetr upgraded shares of Allergan PLC. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $242.88 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, June 26th. Wells Fargo & Company  restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $280.00 price objective (up previously from $270.00) on shares of Allergan PLC. in a research report on Wednesday, August 9th. UBS AG  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $275.00 target price on shares of Allergan PLC. in a report on Wednesday, August 9th. Piper Jaffray Companies  set a $227.00 target price on shares of Allergan PLC. and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, October 13th. Finally, BidaskClub cut shares of Allergan PLC. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, August 9th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued  a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The stock  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $252.39. Shares of Allergan PLC. (AGN) opened at 178.82 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $205.52 and a 200-day moving average price of $228.30. The company has a market capitalization of $59.78 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 5.45 and a beta of 1.15. Allergan PLC. has a 12 month low of $174.66 and a 12 month high of $256.80.  Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. The company reported $4.02 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $3.95 by $0.07. Allergan PLC. had a net margin of 79.17% and a return on equity of 7.37%. The business had revenue of $4.01 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.95 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $3.35 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 8.8% compared to the same quarter last year.  Analysts expect that  Allergan PLC. will post $16.21 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  Allergan PLC. announced that its board has initiated a stock buyback program on Monday, September 25th that permits the company to buyback $2.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This buyback authorization permits the company to buy up to 2.8% of its shares through open market purchases. Shares buyback programs are often a sign that the company’s board of directors believes its stock is undervalued.  A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in AGN. Howard Hughes Medical Institute bought a new stake in shares of  Allergan PLC. in the 2nd quarter worth about $103,000.  Cable Hill Partners LLC increased its position in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 255.2% in the 3rd quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 515 shares of the company’s stock worth $106,000 after purchasing an additional 370 shares during the last quarter.  Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. increased its position in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 283.7% in the 3rd quarter. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. now owns 541 shares of the company’s stock worth $111,000 after purchasing an additional 400 shares during the last quarter.  Jacobi Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 4.9% in the 1st quarter. Jacobi Capital Management LLC now owns 472 shares of the company’s stock worth $112,000 after purchasing an additional 22 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, JNBA Financial Advisors increased its position in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 2.5% in the 1st quarter. JNBA Financial Advisors now owns 487 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,000 after purchasing an additional 12 shares during the last quarter. 82.02% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.  About Allergan PLC. Allergan, Inc is a multi-specialty healthcare company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices and over-the-counter (OTC) products. It discovers, develops and commercializes a range of products for the ophthalmic, neurological, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology, breast aesthetics, urological and other specialty markets.   Receive News & Ratings for Allergan PLC. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allergan PLC. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/10/29/u-s-global-investors-inc-takes-position-in-allergan-plc-agn.html


					Posted by James Nelson on Oct 29th, 2017 // No Comments  U S Global Investors Inc. purchased a new stake in  Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) during the 2nd quarter, according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm purchased 1,990 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $484,000.  Several other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the business. Pathstone Family Office LLC raised its holdings in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 3,327.3% during the 2nd quarter. Pathstone Family Office LLC now owns 377 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,035,000 after buying an additional 366 shares in the last quarter.  Howard Hughes Medical Institute purchased a new position in shares of  Allergan PLC. during the 2nd quarter valued at about $103,000.  Jacobi Capital Management LLC raised its holdings in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 4.9% during the 1st quarter. Jacobi Capital Management LLC now owns 472 shares of the company’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 22 shares in the last quarter.  JNBA Financial Advisors raised its holdings in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 2.5% during the 1st quarter. JNBA Financial Advisors now owns 487 shares of the company’s stock valued at $116,000 after buying an additional 12 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Massey Quick & Co. LLC raised its holdings in shares of  Allergan PLC. by 334.8% during the 2nd quarter. Massey Quick & Co. LLC now owns 500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 385 shares in the last quarter. 82.04% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.  A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on the company. UBS AG  reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $275.00 price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. in a report on Wednesday, August 9th. BidaskClub lowered Allergan PLC. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, August 9th. Wells Fargo & Company  restated an “outperform” rating and set a $280.00 price target (up from $270.00) on shares of Allergan PLC. in a research report on Wednesday, August 9th. Argus  restated a “buy” rating and set a $280.00 price target on shares of Allergan PLC. in a research report on Monday, August 14th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald  restated a “hold” rating on shares of Allergan PLC. in a research report on Tuesday, August 22nd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued  a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. Allergan PLC. currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $252.39. Shares of Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) traded up 1.41% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $178.82. The company had a trading volume of 3,836,922 shares. Allergan PLC. has a 1-year low of $174.66 and a 1-year high of $256.80. The company’s market capitalization is $59.78 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $205.52 and a 200-day moving average price of $228.30.  Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. The company reported $4.02 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.95 by $0.07. Allergan PLC. had a return on equity of 7.37% and a net margin of 79.17%. The firm had revenue of $4.01 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.95 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $3.35 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 8.8% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities analysts anticipate that  Allergan PLC. will post $16.21 EPS for the current year.  Allergan PLC. announced that its board has approved a share buyback plan on Monday, September 25th that allows the company to buyback $2.00 billion in  outstanding  shares. This buyback authorization allows the company to purchase up to 2.8% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  buyback plans are often a sign that the company’s leadership believes its shares are undervalued.  The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, November 17th will be given a dividend of $0.70 per share. This represents a $2.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.57%. Allergan PLC.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 9.95%.  About Allergan PLC. Allergan, Inc is a multi-specialty healthcare company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices and over-the-counter (OTC) products. It discovers, develops and commercializes a range of products for the ophthalmic, neurological, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology, breast aesthetics, urological and other specialty markets.   Receive News & Ratings for Allergan PLC. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allergan PLC. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/10/30/allergan-plc-agn-to-release-quarterly-earnings-on-wednesday.html


					Posted by David Steele on Oct 30th, 2017 // No Comments  Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) is scheduled to be issuing its quarterly earnings data before the market opens  on Wednesday, November 1st. Analysts expect the company to announce earnings of $4.19 per share for the quarter.  Allergan PLC. has set its FY17 guidance at $16.05-16.45 EPS. Allergan PLC. (NYSE:AGN) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, August 3rd. The company reported $4.02 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.95 by $0.07. Allergan PLC. had a return on equity of 7.37% and a net margin of 79.17%. The company had revenue of $4.01 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.95 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $3.35 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.8% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts expect Allergan PLC. to post $16.19 EPS for the current fiscal year and $17.25 EPS for the next fiscal year.  Shares of Allergan PLC. (AGN) opened at 178.82 on Monday. Allergan PLC. has a 52 week low of $174.66 and a 52 week high of $256.80. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $205.52 and a 200-day moving average price of $228.30. The stock has a market cap of $59.78 billion, a PE ratio of 5.45 and a beta of 1.15.  The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, November 17th will be given a $0.70 dividend. This represents a $2.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.57%. Allergan PLC.’s payout ratio is 9.95%.  Allergan PLC. declared that its Board of Directors has approved a stock repurchase program on Monday, September 25th that permits the company to repurchase $2.00 billion in    shares. This repurchase authorization permits the company to buy up to 2.8% of its stock  through open market purchases. Stock  repurchase programs are often an indication that the company’s management believes its shares are undervalued.  AGN has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Allergan PLC. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $270.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $288.00 target price on Allergan PLC. and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, August 5th. Royal Bank Of Canada  set a $285.00 price objective on Allergan PLC. and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, August 3rd. Deutsche Bank AG  restated a “buy” rating and set a $278.00 price objective (up previously from $273.00) on shares of Allergan PLC. in a research report on Wednesday, August 9th. Finally, Mizuho  restated a “buy” rating and set a $267.00 price objective on shares of Allergan PLC. in a research report on Wednesday, August 2nd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued  a hold rating and twelve have issued  a buy rating to the company. Allergan PLC.  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $252.39. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Allergan PLC. (AGN) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday” was originally  posted by TrueBlueTribune and is the sole property of of TrueBlueTribune. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/10/30/allergan-plc-agn-to-release-quarterly-earnings-on-wednesday.html.  Allergan PLC. Company Profile Allergan, Inc is a multi-specialty healthcare company. The Company focuses on developing and commercializing pharmaceuticals, biologics, medical devices and over-the-counter (OTC) products. It discovers, develops and commercializes a range of products for the ophthalmic, neurological, medical aesthetics, medical dermatology, breast aesthetics, urological and other specialty markets.   Receive News & Ratings for Allergan PLC. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allergan PLC. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/agn-december-8th-options-begin-trading-cm866236

Investors in Allergan PLC (Symbol: AGN) saw new options begin trading today, for the December 8th expiration. At Stock Options Channel  , our YieldBoost formula has looked up and down the AGN options chain for the new December 8th contracts and identified one put and one call contract of particular interest.    The put contract at the $175.00 strike price has a current bid of $4.40. If an investor was to sell-to-open that put contract, they are committing to purchase the stock at $175.00, but will also collect the premium, putting the cost basis of the shares at $170.60 (before broker commissions). To an investor already interested in purchasing shares of AGN, that could represent an attractive alternative to paying $177.76/share today. Because the $175.00 strike represents an approximate 2% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 58%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.51% return on the cash commitment, or 21.32% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .  makeArticleAd();  Below is a chart showing the trailing twelve month trading history for Allergan PLC, and highlighting in green where the $175.00 strike is located relative to that history:       Turning to the calls side of the option chain, the call contract at the $180.00 strike price has a current bid of $3.85. If an investor was to purchase shares of AGN stock at the current price level of $177.76/share, and then sell-to-open that call contract as a "covered call," they are committing to sell the stock at $180.00. Considering the call seller will also collect the premium, that would drive a total return (excluding dividends, if any) of 3.43% if the stock gets called away at the December 8th expiration (before broker commissions). Of course, a lot of upside could potentially be left on the table if AGN shares really soar, which is why looking at the trailing twelve month trading history for Allergan PLC, as well as studying the business fundamentals becomes important. Below is a chart showing AGN's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $180.00 strike highlighted in red:    Considering the fact that the $180.00 strike represents an approximate 1% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 53%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.17% boost of extra return to the investor, or 18.37% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .    The implied volatility in the put contract example is 31%, while the implied volatility in the call contract example is 28%. Meanwhile, we calculate the actual trailing twelve month volatility (considering the last 253 trading day closing values as well as today's price of $177.76) to be 24%. For more put and call options contract ideas worth looking at, visit StockOptionsChannel.com.   Top YieldBoost Calls of the S&P 500 »     Because the $175.00 strike represents an approximate 2% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 58%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.51% return on the cash commitment, or 21.32% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .         Considering the fact that the $180.00 strike represents an approximate 1% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 53%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.17% boost of extra return to the investor, or 18.37% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .     Top YieldBoost Calls of the S&P 500 »  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/agn-december-8th-options-begin-trading-cm866236

Investors in Allergan PLC (Symbol: AGN) saw new options begin trading today, for the December 8th expiration. At Stock Options Channel  , our YieldBoost formula has looked up and down the AGN options chain for the new December 8th contracts and identified one put and one call contract of particular interest.    The put contract at the $175.00 strike price has a current bid of $4.40. If an investor was to sell-to-open that put contract, they are committing to purchase the stock at $175.00, but will also collect the premium, putting the cost basis of the shares at $170.60 (before broker commissions). To an investor already interested in purchasing shares of AGN, that could represent an attractive alternative to paying $177.76/share today. Because the $175.00 strike represents an approximate 2% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 58%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.51% return on the cash commitment, or 21.32% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .  makeArticleAd();  Below is a chart showing the trailing twelve month trading history for Allergan PLC, and highlighting in green where the $175.00 strike is located relative to that history:       Turning to the calls side of the option chain, the call contract at the $180.00 strike price has a current bid of $3.85. If an investor was to purchase shares of AGN stock at the current price level of $177.76/share, and then sell-to-open that call contract as a "covered call," they are committing to sell the stock at $180.00. Considering the call seller will also collect the premium, that would drive a total return (excluding dividends, if any) of 3.43% if the stock gets called away at the December 8th expiration (before broker commissions). Of course, a lot of upside could potentially be left on the table if AGN shares really soar, which is why looking at the trailing twelve month trading history for Allergan PLC, as well as studying the business fundamentals becomes important. Below is a chart showing AGN's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $180.00 strike highlighted in red:    Considering the fact that the $180.00 strike represents an approximate 1% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 53%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.17% boost of extra return to the investor, or 18.37% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .    The implied volatility in the put contract example is 31%, while the implied volatility in the call contract example is 28%. Meanwhile, we calculate the actual trailing twelve month volatility (considering the last 253 trading day closing values as well as today's price of $177.76) to be 24%. For more put and call options contract ideas worth looking at, visit StockOptionsChannel.com.   Top YieldBoost Calls of the S&P 500 »     Because the $175.00 strike represents an approximate 2% discount to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the put contract would expire worthless. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 58%. Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change, publishing a chart of those numbers on our website under the contract detail page for this contract  . Should the contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.51% return on the cash commitment, or 21.32% annualized - at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  .         Considering the fact that the $180.00 strike represents an approximate 1% premium to the current trading price of the stock (in other words it is out-of-the-money by that percentage), there is also the possibility that the covered call contract would expire worthless, in which case the investor would keep both their shares of stock and the premium collected. The current analytical data (including greeks and implied greeks) suggest the current odds of that happening are 53%. On our website under the contract detail page for this contract  , Stock Options Channel will track those odds over time to see how they change and publish a chart of those numbers (the trading history of the option contract will also be charted). Should the covered call contract expire worthless, the premium would represent a 2.17% boost of extra return to the investor, or 18.37% annualized, which we refer to as the YieldBoost  .     Top YieldBoost Calls of the S&P 500 »  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

http://stockpressdaily.com/allergan-plc-agn-shares-trickle-lower-for-the-week/

Allergan Plc (AGN) have moved lower over the course of the past week revealing negative downward near-term momentum for the shares. In taking a look at recent performance, we can see that shares have moved -5.02% over the past week, -12.38% over the past 4-weeks, -27.08% over the past half year and -19.28% over the past full year. 
Investors have a wide range of tools at their disposal when undertaking stock research. Many investors will opt to use a combination of technical and fundamental analysis. Staying on top of the stock market is no easy task. Knowing what information is important and how to interpret that information can be the difference between substantial profits and big losses. Investors are commonly trying to find a way to achieve long lasting success in the stock market. Many investors will experience temporary success that may give them false confidence down the road. Digging into the details and learning as much as possible about how markets work can be a huge help to the investor. 
Investors may be tracking certain levels on shares of Allergan Plc (AGN). The current 50-day Moving Average is 210.82, the 200-day Moving Average is 230.43, and the 7-day is noted at 183.39. Moving averages can help spot trends and price reversals. They may also be used to help find support or resistance levels. Moving averages are considered to be lagging indicators meaning that they confirm trends. A certain stock may be considered to be on an uptrend if trading above a moving average and the average is sloping upward. On the other side, a stock may be considered to be in a downtrend if trading below the moving average and sloping downward.
Traders may be relying in part on technical stock analysis. Allergan Plc (AGN) currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of -106.41. Despite the name, CCI can be used on other investment tools such as stocks. The CCI was designed to typically stay within the reading of -100 to +100. Traders may use the indicator to determine stock trends or to identify overbought/oversold conditions. A CCI reading above +100 would imply that the stock is overbought and possibly ready for a correction. On the other hand, a reading of -100 would imply that the stock is oversold and possibly set for a rally. 
At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Allergan Plc (AGN) is 36.49. Many technical chart analysts believe that an ADX value over 25 would suggest a strong trend. A reading under 20 would indicate no trend, and a reading from 20-25 would suggest that there is no clear trend signal. The ADX is typically plotted along with two other directional movement indicator lines, the Plus Directional Indicator (+DI) and Minus Directional Indicator (-DI). Some analysts believe that the ADX is one of the best trend strength indicators available.
The Relative Strength Index (RSI) is one of multiple popular technical indicators created by J. Welles Wilder. Wilder introduced RSI in his book “New Concepts in Technical Trading Systems” which was published in 1978. RSI measures the magnitude and velocity of directional price movements. The data is represented graphically by fluctuating between a value of 0 and 100. The indicator is computed by using the average losses and gains of a stock over a certain time period. RSI can be used to help spot overbought or oversold conditions. An RSI reading over 70 would be considered overbought, and a reading under 30 would indicate oversold conditions. A level of 50 would indicate neutral market momentum. The 14-day RSI is currently sitting at 25.85, the 7-day is at 22.78, and the 3-day is spotted at 29.97 for Allergan Plc (AGN).








LoadPopupRatings('MBAP-Popup-MBAP-Popup-stockpressdaily', 'NYSE:AGN', 'Allergan Plc', 'http://davidsonregister.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/davidon.png');

 Allergan Plc (AGN) have moved lower over the course of the past week revealing negative downward near-term momentum for the shares. In taking a look at recent performance, we can see that shares have moved -5.02% over the past week, -12.38% over the past 4-weeks, -27.08% over the past half year and -19.28% over the past full year.  Investors have a wide range of tools at their disposal when undertaking stock research. Many investors will opt to use a combination of technical and fundamental analysis. Staying on top of the stock market is no easy task. Knowing what information is important and how to interpret that information can be the difference between substantial profits and big losses. Investors are commonly trying to find a way to achieve long lasting success in the stock market. Many investors will experience temporary success that may give them false confidence down the road. Digging into the details and learning as much as possible about how markets work can be a huge help to the investor.  Investors may be tracking certain levels on shares of Allergan Plc (AGN). The current 50-day Moving Average is 210.82, the 200-day Moving Average is 230.43, and the 7-day is noted at 183.39. Moving averages can help spot trends and price reversals. They may also be used to help find support or resistance levels. Moving averages are considered to be lagging indicators meaning that they confirm trends. A certain stock may be considered to be on an uptrend if trading above a moving average and the average is sloping upward. On the other side, a stock may be considered to be in a downtrend if trading below the moving average and sloping downward. Traders may be relying in part on technical stock analysis. Allergan Plc (AGN) currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of -106.41. Despite the name, CCI can be used on other investment tools such as stocks. The CCI was designed to typically stay within the reading of -100 to +100. Traders may use the indicator to determine stock trends or to identify overbought/oversold conditions. A CCI reading above +100 would imply that the stock is overbought and possibly ready for a correction. On the other hand, a reading of -100 would imply that the stock is oversold and possibly set for a rally.  At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Allergan Plc (AGN) is 36.49. Many technical chart analysts believe that an ADX value over 25 would suggest a strong trend. A reading under 20 would indicate no trend, and a reading from 20-25 would suggest that there is no clear trend signal. The ADX is typically plotted along with two other directional movement indicator lines, the Plus Directional Indicator (+DI) and Minus Directional Indicator (-DI). Some analysts believe that the ADX is one of the best trend strength indicators available. The Relative Strength Index (RSI) is one of multiple popular technical indicators created by J. Welles Wilder. Wilder introduced RSI in his book “New Concepts in Technical Trading Systems” which was published in 1978. RSI measures the magnitude and velocity of directional price movements. The data is represented graphically by fluctuating between a value of 0 and 100. The indicator is computed by using the average losses and gains of a stock over a certain time period. RSI can be used to help spot overbought or oversold conditions. An RSI reading over 70 would be considered overbought, and a reading under 30 would indicate oversold conditions. A level of 50 would indicate neutral market momentum. The 14-day RSI is currently sitting at 25.85, the 7-day is at 22.78, and the 3-day is spotted at 29.97 for Allergan Plc (AGN).          

 

