https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/

Everything happens fast nowadays. The curve steepens and shortens especially in the tech world. It’s hard to believe that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has only been up and running for 18 years. During that time Chairman, Jack Ma, has built one of the most formidable global ecommerce companies that is closing in on a half billion dollar market valuation. Being a homegrown mainland Chinese company, BABA has been able to navigate the waters there much more adroitly and profitably that foreign companies. And then, leveraging its scale and suppliers, the company continues to expand its reach in all directions. It listed on the New York Stock Exchange just three years ago facing many naysayers and China bears. BABA has clearly proved them wrong. Since its public listing the stock has delivered returns of 86%. Most of the performance has been in part due to the overall buoyant investor sentiment toward tech companies this year, but during the past few years, BABA has proven that it is a true competitor across multiple industries. But the past is the past, and at the 18th anniversary employee gathering, the focus was all about the future. Ma stated that, “…compared to the future, we have only just come of age. The future holds endless possibilities and imagination for Alibaba…” With a nod towards giving back and doing good for the broader economic community, Ma further emphasized: “Over the past three years we delivered on short-term financial goals, but our true purpose lies in harnessing the power of technology and innovation to make the world economy more inclusive and more healthy toward sustainable development.” Ma’s words may be sound altruistic, but they are built on the success of the company’s underlying enterprise. Taobao Marketplace, Tmall, Juhuasuan (flash sales), and 1688.com all fall under the Alibaba banner. From retail to wholesale to mobile to online, BABA’s presence is felt everywhere. New Retail and New Finance are particularly interesting given what BABA can leverage from its 18 years of deep operational experience. These also happen to be industries ripe for disruption, and BABA is well positioned to be that disruptor. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-205651094.html

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) saw a double-digit share price rise of over 10% in the past couple of months on the NYSE. As a large-cap stock with high coverage by analysts, you could assume any recent changes in the company’s outlook is already priced into the stock. However, what if the stock is still a bargain? Today I will analyse the most recent data on BABA’s outlook and valuation to see if the opportunity still exists. See our latest analysis for BABA According to my valuation model, the stock is currently overvalued by about 100%, trading at $177.32 compared to my intrinsic value of $88.68. This means that the opportunity to buy BABA at a good price has disappeared! If you like the stock, you may want to keep an eye out for a potential price decline in the future. Given that BABA’s share is fairly volatile (i.e. its price movements are magnified relative to the rest of the market) this could mean the price can sink lower, giving us another chance to buy in the future. This is based on its high beta, which is a good indicator for share price volatility. Investors looking for growth in their portfolio may want to consider the prospects of a company before buying its shares. Although value investors would argue that it’s the intrinsic value relative to the price that matter the most, a more compelling investment thesis would be high growth potential at a cheap price. BABA’s earnings over the next few years are expected to double, indicating a very optimistic future ahead. This should lead to stronger cash flows, feeding into a higher share value. Are you a shareholder? BABA’s optimistic future growth appears to have been factored into the current share price, with shares trading above its fair value. At this current price, shareholders may be asking a different question – should I sell? If you believe BABA should trade below its current price, selling high and buying it back up again when its price falls towards its real value can be profitable. But before you make this decision, take a look at whether its fundamentals have changed. Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on BABA for a while, now may not be the best time to enter into the stock. The price has surpassed its true value, which means there’s no upside from mispricing. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for BABA, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors in order to take advantage of the next price drop. Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Alibaba Group Holding. You can find everything you need to know about BABA in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Alibaba Group Holding, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential.  To help readers see pass the short term volatility of the financial market, we aim to bring you a long-term focused research analysis purely driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis does not factor in the latest price sensitive company announcements.   The author is an independent contributor and at the time of publication had no position in the stocks mentioned. 

http://www.insidermonkey.com/blog/long-term-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-investors-should-read-this-605778/

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) shares almost doubled since the US presidential elections. As a long-term Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shareholder you may be more determined than ever about the long-term success of BABA shares but one of our favorite hedge fund managers has a better investment idea if you are bullish on BABA. Anthony Bozza’s Lakewood Capital is one of the better performing long-short equity hedge funds in operation today. In its Q3 investor letter Anthony Bozza suggests a better investment idea for long-term Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shareholders (see Lakewood Capital’s 2017 Q3 investor letter).  Here is what Bozza said in his investor letter: Softbank’s primary operating business is its domestic wireless business. The wireless industry in Japan is an oligopoly as three players (NTT Docomo, KDDI and Softbank) control the market. The industry is mature with low churn and stable profitability. Softbank utilizes the cash flow from this business to diversify and grow its investment portfolio. Using a 6x EBITDA multiple, which is consistent with peers, we estimate that this business is worth $65 billion. Softbank’s other primary operating business is ARM Holdings, the U.K.-based licensor of microprocessor technologies that Softbank acquired last year for around $30 billion. Together, we value these businesses at ¥9,850 per share. The bulk of Softbank’s remaining value comes from its public stakes in Alibaba, Sprint and Yahoo! Japan, as well as its significant portfolio of private investments. The company’s 25% stake in Alibaba is worth $120 billion, or ¥12,365 per Softbank share. Softbank also owns 85% of Sprint, a stake worth $24 billion, or ¥2,460 per share. Additionally, Softbank has a ¥1.3 trillion stake (¥1,175 per share) in Yahoo! Japan, a leading internet portal in Japan. While these public stakes alone amount to ¥16,000 per share (60% above the current share price), Softbank also has a portfolio of private investments, consisting primarily of stakes in leading ride hailing and e-commerce platforms in Asia. These investments are valued on the balance sheet at ¥2,300 per share. While we think there could be substantial upside to the private investments over time, we do not ascribe any premium. Together, Softbank’s public and private investments have a gross value of ¥18,300 per share. We think a substantial discount is being placed on Softbank’s public holdings due to the recent rapid appreciation in the value of the Alibaba stake and the market’s persistent focus on uncertainty around the company’s investment in Sprint. While Softbank shareholders have been slow to recognize the increased value of the Alibaba stake, we expect this significant value will ultimately be reflected in the stock price. And, while Sprint is undoubtedly a substantial holding for Softbank, it amounts to less than 15% of the total investment portfolio. Also, an expected merger with T-Mobile would represent a significant positive development as Sprint would become a scale number three player in the consolidated U.S. wireless market. We conservatively apply a 30% discount to all of its investments and arrive at a net value of ¥12,810 per share. Suggested Reading: 10 best selling products on Alibaba  Daily Newsletter Headline Hedge Fund Investor Letters Hedge Fund:365 Newsfeed NYSE:BABA Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $161,873,831,000 David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $7,194,915,000 George Soros Soros Fund Management $4,960,582,000 T Boone Pickens BP Capital $217,724,000 Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $71,565,957,000 Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $2,484,137,000 Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $19,937,172,000 Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $17,942,674,000 John Paulson Paulson & Co $7,534,125,000 David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $6,087,183,000 

https://www.stocknewsgazette.com/2017/10/26/is-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-investing-its-way-into-a-muddle/

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) fell by -2.00% in Wednesday’s trading session from $173.70 to $170.22. The price has fallen in 7 of the last 10 days and is down by -7.83% over the same course of time. Volume has increased in Wednesday’s trading session by 6.12 million shares, but on a weak note. This is may be an early warning and the risk will be increased slightly for the next couple of days. In total, 18.02 M shares exchanged hands for about $3 066.59 million. Inside BABA’s Recent Trend Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) has broken the wide and strong rising short-term trend down. This signalize a slower rising rate, but may also be an early warning about a possible trend shift. Due to trend being broken there will now be resistance at the bottom line of the trend at $173.04. A reaction back to this level may hold a second chance to get out before further falls. Alibaba Group Holding Limited Technical Signals 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 BABA has witnessed its long term and short term MA triggering a sell signal. Many traders watch for long-term averages to cross above short-term averages to signal the beginning of a downtrend. Upon corrections, the price will meet resistance from the averages between $175.32 and $176.29. A buy signal will be generated if it crosses above any of these levels. Its pivot point high generated sell signal on Wednesday October 18, 2017, which calls for additional declines until the stock forms a new pivot point low, as this could be a buying opportunity. Volume up and price depreciating is getting our attention as this movement is seen as bearish sign. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) Support And Resistance Levels Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) recorded volume accumulation so there will probably be a surplus of buyers at $169.64. In case of gains, the next resistance from accumulated volume will not be far away from today’s level at $171.74, $174.46 and $176.70. 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Accumulated volume is going to prevent the price from rising further at $171.74 and this action will lead the price to take a temporary pause or stay muted for a few days. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) Risk Assessment The number of shares changed hands in the stock is good, indicating the interest and low risk associated with it. In the most recent session, the stock price hovered around $6.14 (3.63%) between intraday high and intraday low. Each day in the past 1 week, the average volatility remained at 2.36%. 

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/10/28/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-shares-bought-by-aperio-group-llc.html


					Posted by Shawn Bailey on Oct 28th, 2017 // No Comments  Aperio Group LLC increased its stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) by 10.6% in the third quarter, according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 194,424 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after buying an additional 18,663 shares during the period. Aperio Group LLC’s holdings in Alibaba Group Holding Limited were worth $33,579,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.  Several other large investors also recently modified their holdings of BABA. Shine Investment Advisory Services Inc. bought a new stake in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the second quarter valued at $102,000.  FNY Managed Accounts LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the first quarter valued at $107,000.  Lee Financial Co boosted its holdings in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 45.5% during the second quarter. Lee Financial Co now owns 800 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $113,000 after acquiring an additional 250 shares during the period.  Winch Advisory Services LLC boosted its holdings in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 147.4% during the second quarter. Winch Advisory Services LLC now owns 809 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $114,000 after acquiring an additional 482 shares during the period.  Finally, San Francisco Sentry Investment Group CA acquired a new position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the second quarter valued at $116,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  37.34% of the company’s stock.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) traded up 3.42% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $176.15. The stock had a trading volume of 19,712,550 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $176.07 and a 200-day moving average price of $148.61. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a 1-year low of $86.01 and a 1-year high of $184.70. The firm has a market capitalization of $447.95 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 58.46 and a beta of 2.60.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, August 17th. The specialty retailer reported $0.94 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.21. Alibaba Group Holding Limited had a return on equity of 16.85% and a net margin of 28.77%. The company had revenue of $7.40 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.16 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.74 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  Alibaba Group Holding Limited will post $4.91 earnings per share for the current year.  COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) Shares Bought by Aperio Group LLC” was first  posted by StockNewsTimes and is owned by of StockNewsTimes. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/10/28/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-shares-bought-by-aperio-group-llc.html.  Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. BidaskClub raised shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Thursday, October 12th. HSBC Holdings plc  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $204.00 price target (up previously from $184.00) on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Tuesday, October 10th. Bank of America Corporation  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $200.00 price target on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Monday, October 16th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 17th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc.  reissued a “strong-buy” rating on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Thursday, October 5th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, thirty-one have issued  a buy rating and two have assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. Alibaba Group Holding Limited presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $181.43. About Alibaba Group Holding Limited Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally.   Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/

Everything happens fast nowadays. The curve steepens and shortens especially in the tech world. It’s hard to believe that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has only been up and running for 18 years. During that time Chairman, Jack Ma, has built one of the most formidable global ecommerce companies that is closing in on a half billion dollar market valuation. Being a homegrown mainland Chinese company, BABA has been able to navigate the waters there much more adroitly and profitably that foreign companies. And then, leveraging its scale and suppliers, the company continues to expand its reach in all directions. It listed on the New York Stock Exchange just three years ago facing many naysayers and China bears. BABA has clearly proved them wrong. Since its public listing the stock has delivered returns of 86%. Most of the performance has been in part due to the overall buoyant investor sentiment toward tech companies this year, but during the past few years, BABA has proven that it is a true competitor across multiple industries. But the past is the past, and at the 18th anniversary employee gathering, the focus was all about the future. Ma stated that, “…compared to the future, we have only just come of age. The future holds endless possibilities and imagination for Alibaba…” With a nod towards giving back and doing good for the broader economic community, Ma further emphasized: “Over the past three years we delivered on short-term financial goals, but our true purpose lies in harnessing the power of technology and innovation to make the world economy more inclusive and more healthy toward sustainable development.” Ma’s words may be sound altruistic, but they are built on the success of the company’s underlying enterprise. Taobao Marketplace, Tmall, Juhuasuan (flash sales), and 1688.com all fall under the Alibaba banner. From retail to wholesale to mobile to online, BABA’s presence is felt everywhere. New Retail and New Finance are particularly interesting given what BABA can leverage from its 18 years of deep operational experience. These also happen to be industries ripe for disruption, and BABA is well positioned to be that disruptor. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/top-end-measures-for-sales-growth-make-alibaba-group-holding-baba-a-strong-buy/

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) is a component of the 133 company Internet Software & Services GICS industry group, which is part of the 705 company GICS Information Technology sector. The market value of BABA is $448.5 billion which falls in the top decile in its industry group. The stock's current Portfolio Grader score places it 2 among the 133 companies in this industry group, positioning it among the leaders; among the sector leaders with a ranking of 6 among the 705 companies in the sector, and number 8 in the nearly 5,000 company Portfolio Grader universe. BABA is rated as a Strong Buy using Louis Navellier's investing methodology and his Portfolio Grader stock evaluator.  The current Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has been in place for 5 months. The Information Technology sector is ranked number 6 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it in the third quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 24 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it near the average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. Alibaba Group Holding has realized above-average scores in 7 of the 8 fundamental areas appraised by Portfolio Grader in the ranking of company stocks. BABA's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are discernibly above average.  Scores for visibility of earnings are superior with a ranking for earnings revisions, earnings surprises and earnings momentum that are much better than average. BABA's ranking for return on equity is markedly better than its industry group average but its grade for cash flow is below-average.  Alibaba Group Holding's fundamental scores give BABA a place in the top decile of the industry group.  Portfolio Grader quantitatively gauges BABA's shares using the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score. This metric looks at BABA's shares from the angle of risk/reward. This unique scoring methodology takes into account the relative value of BABA's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, the company currently scores well above-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/top-end-measures-for-sales-growth-make-alibaba-group-holding-baba-a-strong-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://standardoracle.com/2017/10/30/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-insider-ownership-and-transactions/

Key Statistics Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) escalated 3.42% and closed its last trading session at $176.15. Its opening price on the last trading day was $170.32. The company’s market cap is $436.22 Billion. The company has 2.48 Billion shares outstanding and 784.05 Million shares were floated in market. The short ratio in the company’s stock is documented at 7.43 and the short float is around of 17.08%. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has been given an analysts’ mean target of 195.67. 52-week High/Low The highest price BABA stock touched in the last 12 month was $184.7 and the lowest price it hit in the same period was $86.01. Stock’s distance from 52 week High is -4.63% and the distance from 52 week Low is 104.8%. Share Volume Analysis A total of 19.57 Billion shares exchanged at hands and its average trading volume is standing at 18.03 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 1.09. Stock Performance Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) performance during the last one year upgraded 72.06 percent, while its year to date (YTD) performance showed a positive trend of 100.6 percent. The stock jumped 50.97 percent over the past six months. The stock’s quarterly performance indicates a positive momentum of 13.68 percent, whereas its last one month trend is optimistic with 3.47 percent. Its weekly performance showed downward trend of -0.66 percent. Profit Margins Analysis Profitability analysis helps a great deal in making investment decision. Net profit margin of the company was recorded at 28.8 percent, operating profit margin was 31 percent, while gross profit margin stands at 63 percent. Key Ratios Review Liquidity ratios help investors to determine a company’s ability to pay off its debts. For the most recent quarter, quick ratio was 1.7, current ratio was 1.7, LT Debt/Equity ratio was 0.26 and Total Debt/Equity ratio stands at 0.31, while Payout ratio is 0. Return on Assets, Investment and Equity Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) has a Return on Assets of 10.2 percent, Return on Investment of 8.7 percent and a Return on Equity of 18.7 percent. Simple Moving Average Moving averages are used as a strong indicator for technical stock analysis and it helps investors in figuring out where the stock has been and also helps in determining where it may be possibly heading. Now we look at the Moving Averages, the 200-day is 30.38%, the 50-day is 0.93% and the 20-day is -0.7%. EPS Growth Analysis The company’s diluted EPS for trailing twelve months was 2.97. EPS Estimate for the next year is 6.57. EPS Estimate for the next Quarter is 1.04. EPS Growth this year is -39.1 percent. Earnings and Sales Growth EPS growth for the next 5 years is 4.86 percent. Annual EPS growth Past 5 years is 58.9 percent. Annual Sales Growth in the past 5 years was 51.2 percent. Quarterly Revenue Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 56.1 percent. Quarterly Earnings Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 92.2 percent. Investment Valuation Ratios The company P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 59.39 and Forward P/E ratio is 26.8. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 16.43, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 9.96, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 18.98. Volatility Analysis If we look at the Volatility of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA), Week Volatility is 2.64%, whereas Month Volatility is at 2.06%. Technical Indicators Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA)’s RSI (Relative strength index) is at 51.07, its ATR (Average True Range) value is 4.09, while its Beta factor was calculated at 0. Earnings Released Date The company last reported its quarterly results on Nov 02 BMO. Analysts Recommendation Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 1.6. Insider Ownership and Transactions Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s insider ownership stands at 52.36 percent, while its insider transaction is 0 percent. Institutional Ownership and Transactions Institutional ownership refers to the ownership stake in a company that is held by large financial organizations, pension funds or endowments. Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s institutional ownership is 39.8%, while its institutional transactions stand at 0.31%. 

http://www.hotstockspoint.com/2017/10/analysts-report-recap-alibaba-group-holding-limited-nyse-baba-2/

On Friday, Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE: BABA) expressed a change of 3.42% and closed its trade at $176.15. The stock exchanged hands with 19,567,796 numbers of shares compared to its average daily volume of 18.03M shares. When trading is lighter than usual, it is said to be “thin.” When there’s more trading than usual, it is called “heavy trading.” Volume is the basic fuel of the market since stocks move up or down in price only when shares are trading hands. The market capitalization (Stock Price Multiply by Total Number of Outstanding Shares) for the company is reported at $436.22B. The company has its outstanding shares of 2.48B. Outstanding shares refer to a company’s stock presently held by all its shareholders, counting share blocks held by institutional shareholders and restricted shares owned by the company’s officers and insiders. After a recent check, it is observed that the insiders for the firm currently own 52.36% shares. There has been an observed change of 0.00% in the ownership of the shares in the past six months. However, the institutional investors are observed to own 39.80% of the total shares. During last 3 month period, 0.31% of total institutional ownership has changed in the company shares. What Historical Figures Say About Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE: BABA)? Before trading, trader, investor or shareholder must have an eye on stock’s historical performance. Analysts review historical return data when trying to predict future returns or to estimate how a security might react to a particular situation, such as a drop in consumer demand. Historical returns can also be useful when estimating where future points of data may fall in terms of standard deviations. Analyzing historical data can give some perception of how a security or market has reacted to various different variables, from regular economic cycles to sudden world events. Shareholders looking to interpret historical returns should keep one caveat in mind: you can’t assume that the future will be like the past. The older the historical return data is, the more likely it is to be less useful when predicting future returns. Historical return data for BABA stock is described below: Looking into last 5 trades, the stock observed a return of almost -0.66%. However, 3.47% over the last one month, 13.68% for the last quarter and year to date performance stands at 100.60%. Important Technical Indicators to Consider: ATR value of the company was 4.09 and Relative Strength Index (RSI) was 51.07. The stock volatility for the week was 2.64% while for the month was 2.06%. The stock was trading at a distance of -4.63% from its 52-week highs and stands 104.80% away from its 52-week lows. BABA’s latest closing price was 30.38% away from the average price of 200 days while it maintained a distance of 0.93% from the 50 Day Moving Average and -0.70% away compared to its SMA 20. Analysts’ Suggestions in the Limelight: Analysts have given a mean recommendation of 1.60 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The mean target price as estimated by the analysts for the company has been recorded at $195.67. Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Hotstockspoint.com are only for information purposes. Hot Stocks Point (HSP) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of Hot Stocks Point; however, human error can exist.   

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/10/29/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-given-buy-rating-at-suntrust-banks-inc.html


					Posted by Andrew Steele on Oct 29th, 2017 // No Comments  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by SunTrust Banks, Inc. in a research note issued to investors on Friday, October 20th. They presently have a $205.00 target price on the specialty retailer’s stock. SunTrust Banks, Inc.’s price target points to a potential upside of 16.38% from the stock’s current price. A number of other research firms have also weighed in on BABA. BidaskClub raised shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 12th. HSBC Holdings plc  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $204.00 target price (up from $184.00) on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research note on Tuesday, October 10th. Bank of America Corporation  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $200.00 target price on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research note on Monday, October 16th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 17th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc.  reaffirmed a “strong-buy” rating on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research report on Thursday, October 5th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued  a hold rating, thirty-one have issued  a buy rating and two have assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $181.43. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) traded up 3.42% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $176.15. The company had a trading volume of 19,712,550 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $176.29 and a 200 day moving average price of $149.23. The firm has a market capitalization of $451.15 billion, a P/E ratio of 71.32 and a beta of 2.60. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a 1-year low of $86.01 and a 1-year high of $184.70.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) last released its earnings results on Thursday, August 17th. The specialty retailer reported $0.94 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.21. Alibaba Group Holding Limited had a net margin of 28.77% and a return on equity of 16.85%. The business had revenue of $7.40 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.16 billion. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.74 EPS.  Equities research analysts forecast that  Alibaba Group Holding Limited will post $4.91 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s (BABA) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at SunTrust Banks, Inc.” was originally  reported by StockNewsTimes and is owned by of StockNewsTimes. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/10/29/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-given-buy-rating-at-suntrust-banks-inc.html.  Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. AJO LP raised its holdings in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 55.5% in the second quarter. AJO LP now owns 132,529 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $18,673,000 after buying an additional 47,324 shares during the last quarter.  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS raised its holdings in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 18.5% in the second quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 105,849 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $14,914,000 after buying an additional 16,528 shares during the last quarter.  Good Life Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the second quarter valued at about $218,000.  Sylebra HK Co Ltd raised its holdings in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 0.5% in the first quarter. Sylebra HK Co Ltd now owns 347,680 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock valued at $37,490,000 after buying an additional 1,631 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Mirador Capital Partners LP purchased a new stake in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited in the second quarter valued at about $220,000. 37.34% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited Company Profile Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally.   Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

