https://qz.com/1113031/alphabet-goog-beat-on-q3-earnings-because-its-whole-business-is-still-google-googl/

Time is a flat circle. Alphabet announced its third-quarter earnings today (Oct. 26), and yet again, it brought in a ton of cash, almost entirely from Google’s advertising business. The company generated $27.8 billion in revenue, up 24% from the same quarter last year, making this Alphabet’s highest-revenue quarter ever. (The previous record was $26.06 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016.) Roughly $24.1 billion of that revenue, or about 87%, came from Google’s ad sales. Alphabet reported $7.8 billion in profit for the quarter, up about 35% from the same period a year earlier. Most of the remainder of Alphabet’s revenue, about $3.4 billion, came from other revenue streams at Google, including hardware sales, cloud services, and sales of subscription services like YouTube TV and Google Play music, chief financial officer Ruth Porat said on the company’s earnings call. Just $302 million (around 1% of Alphabet’s revenue) came from sales from every other Alphabet company, lumped into the “Other Bets” bucket of its earnings. Analysts surveyed ahead of earnings had expected Alphabet to only bring in around $22 billion in revenue. The large beat saw the company’s Class A shares rising over $40 (about 4%) in after-hours trading. It remains to be seen whether investors will tire of Alphabet relying on the same old revenue sources. The company has been massively successful selling ads against search results on its own sites and apps, and selling ads on other companies’ websites. While those businesses show no signs of slowing, Alphabet has also invested billions into researching and developing a series of ambitious “moonshot” projects. It’s unclear whether those so-called Other Bets will ever be as important to Alphabet’s bottom line as its search engine has been. Those moonshots include self-driving cars at Waymo, internet-beaming balloons and delivery drones in the X research lab, defeating death at Calico, and myriad other companies. They have largely been money pits for Alphabet since the company spun them out from its core Google business in 2015. The only real revenue that’s come out of Other Bets to date has been hardware sales from Nest, Alphabet’s internet-of-things device company, and Fiber, its fiber-optic internet service. 

https://searchengineland.com/alphabet-goog-third-quarter-beats-estimates-27-8-billion-revenues-24-285675

Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google parent Alphabet announced third-quarter results. Both revenues and earnings per share beat Wall Street estimates. The company reported roughly $27.8 billion in total revenues (up 24 percent), with Google contributing all but $302 million of that amount. Earnings per share were $9.57, which was about $1.24 higher than expected. Advertising generated just over $24 billion in quarterly revenue. Operating income was about $7.8 billion. However, traffic acquisition costs (TAC) rose to $3.1 billion (vs. $2.6 billion a year ago). There are sure to be analyst questions about that item. The revenue breakdown by segment: Paid clicks on Google properties were up 6 percent year over year and aggregate cost per click (CPC) was up 1 percent. Here’s more detail: Paid click growth was significant. However, CPCs were down (18 percent) from a year ago but up slightly (1 percent) from last quarter. Alphabet (GOOG) shares are up in after-hours trading. The company says it now has more than 78,000 employees, compared with just under 70,000 a year ago. The earnings call webcast is happening now. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. March 13-15, 2018: SMX West June 11-13, 2018: SMX Advanced Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: April 23-25, 2018: San Jose 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/alphabet-inc-goog-googl-has-broken-out-to-a-new-high-on-q3-results-20171027-00704

 (RTTNews.com) - Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) reported third quarter EPS of $9.57 after the close Thursday, up from $7.25 a year ago. The consensus estimate was for EPS of $8.33. Alphabet has gapped open sharply higher Friday morning and is now up 43.55 at $1034.97. The stock has broken out past resistance and has set a new high for the year. For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/10/25/drilling-down-into-alphabet-inc-goog-4/

Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $970.54, up from yesterday’s close by 0.22%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis This company has been competing with others in the Technology space and offers its own combination of interesting factors Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) currently trades with a market capitalization of $660.86 Billion. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For GOOG, the company currently has $15.61 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $25.21 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $8.33 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 34.16% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis It’s important to check the technicals to get a sense of how GOOG has been acting. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Alphabet Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $997.21. It is now trading 26.67% off that level. The stock is trading $944.26 its 50-day moving average by -26.28%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $727.54. In recent action, Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has made a move of +4.94% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.89, and it’s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.56% with $600.57 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of GOOG. 

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in. Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year. Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future. But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify. It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads. Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters: What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to. 

http://www.zdnet.com/article/goog-q3-analysis-googles-rapidly-narrowing-future/

Mobility Google ignores country domain and delivers search results on detected location 

https://oracleexaminer.com/2017/10/30/what-does-stochastic-k-say-about-alphabet-inc-nasdaqgoog/

Technical Indicators and Signals The stochastic oscillator indicator is the important indicator to compare the security price over a certain period of time. The stochastic %K of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) for the period of 9-Day stands at 45.01% while the stochastic %D for the same period stands at 33.15%. The 7-Day Average Directional Index ADX (also known as Trend Strength Indicator) of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) signals “Buy” while other important signals like the 20-Day Moving Average Vs. Price signals “Buy”. Another important signal of trend and momentum of a security is 20-50 Day MACD Oscillator or Moving Average Convergence Divergence signals “Buy” for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) while 20-100 Day MACD Oscillator indicates “Buy”. Bollinger band is a volatility indicator of a certain security, currently Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)’s 20-Day Bollinger Band indicates “Buy”. About Company Alphabet Inc. is engaged in technology business. The Company provides web-based search, advertisements, maps, software applications, mobile operating systems, consumer content, enterprise solutions, commerce and hardware products through its subsidiaries. Alphabet Inc., formerly known as Google Inc., is headquartered in Mountain View, California. Previous Day Activity Analysis On the last trading day, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) opened the session at $1009.5 and after going up 4.8% closed at $1019.27. The stock gained 9.77 points in the last trade. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)’s stock fluctuated in the range of $1,008.20 and $1,048.39 during the previous active session. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded with the volume of 5.16 Million with average volume of 1.33 Million. The stock has HIGH volatility on the last trading session. Currently the Beta for the company remains at 0 while ATR (Average True Range) and RSI (Relative Strength Index) are at 17.6 and 71.52 respectively. Currently the Insider Ownership of the shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is at 11.77% and the shares outstanding are 680.92 Million. Important Ratio Analysis Some important ratios to consider here for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) are discussed below: Price to Earnings P/E ratio stands at 36.94 while Forward P/E shows the value of 25.42. The PEG ratio (Price to Earning to Growth) emits the value of 1.86. The Price to Sale P/S and Price to Book P/B shows the value of 6.99 and 4.76 respectively. While Price to Cash P/C and Price to Free Cash Flow P/FCF stands at 0 and 0 correspondingly. Stock Performance Analysis The stock performance of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) on the basis of 5 day trade show the jump of 3.14% whereas, the monthly performance of the stock shows increase of 7.35%. The quarterly performance of the stock remained in green zone with the value of 9.54% while six month performance of the shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) remained bullish with the count of 11.69%. The yearly and YTD performance of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) remained up at 28.15% and 32.06% respectively. 

http://theriponadvance.com/noteworthy-buzzer-alphabet-inc-goog/121128867/

Trading Statistics: Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) closed its previous trading session at $1019.27 with the gain of 4.8%. The company’s market cap is $694.04 Billion, and the average volume is 1.33 Million. The Price to Sales (P/S) ratio of the stock is 6.99, while P/B (Price to Book) stands at 4.76. When we look at the Volatility of the company, Week Volatility is at 2.16% whereas Month Volatility is at 1.39%. Earnings Forecast: An earnings forecast is an analyst’s outlook for a company’s future quarterly or annual earnings. Future earnings predictions are perhaps the most essential input when trying to value a company. 36 analysts on average are expecting Alphabet Inc. to report earnings of $9.95 per share for the current quarter. The Lower end of the earnings estimate is $8.54, while the higher end of the earnings estimate is $11.18. Comparatively, GOOG posted earnings of $11.22 per share in the same quarter, a year earlier. Revenue Forecast: Analysts’ ultimate objective when projecting revenue is to determine the appropriate value for a stock. 28 analysts on average are expecting the company to report revenue of $31.66 Billion for the current quarter. The Higher end of the revenue forecast is $32.43 Billion, while the Lower end of the forecast is $30.51 Billion. GOOG generated revenue of $28.25 Billion in the same quarter, one year ago. Price Target Estimates: Price targets show what analysts believes a stock will be worth at the end of a certain time period. Price Target plays a critical role when it comes to the analysis of a Stock. Analysts on average have given a price target of $1053.5 to Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) stock. (According to data compiled by finviz) Simple Moving Average Analysis: Moving average is significant analytical tool used to discover current price trends and the possibility for a change in an established trend. Simple moving average analysis helps investors to quickly identify if a security is in an uptrend or downtrend. According to Finviz reported data, The SMA20 of the stock is at 4.42 percent, SMA50 is 7.72 percent, while SMA200 is 13.12 percent. Return on Assets (ROA) Analysis: ROA ratio indicates how profitable a company is relative to its total assets. The return on assets ratio shows how well management is employing the company’s total assets to make a profit. The bigger the return, the more efficient management is in utilizing its asset base. The ROA ratio is calculated by comparing net income to average total assets, and is expressed as a percentage. Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) currently has a Return on Assets (ROA) value of 0 Percent. Return on Investment (ROI) Analysis: Return on Investment measures the amount of return on an investment relative to the investment’s cost. The Return on Investment (ROI) ratio of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) is 0 percent. Return on Equity (ROE) Analysis: ROE ratio is a measure of profitability which calculates how much dollars of profit a firm makes with every dollar of stakeholder’s equity. An increasing ROE indicates that a company is improving its ability to make profit without requiring as much capital. Usually, the ROE ratio’s between 12-15 percent are considered desirable. The Return on Equity ratio of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) is 0 percent, according to data compiled by Finviz Analysts Ratings: A stock rating usually tells investors how well a stock’s market value relates to what analysts think is a fair value for the stock, based on an independent evaluation of the company. According to the Recommendation Trends of the stock polled by Finviz, the company has a consensus recommendation of 1.6 out of the scale from 1 to 5 where 1 stands for Buy and 5 means Sell. Analyst Recommendation And Revisions: Alphabet Inc. was covered by a number of analysts recently, 17 rated the stock as Buy, 5 rated Hold, 0 rated sell and 0 gave an Underperform. Stock Price Analysis: The purpose of a stock price analysis is to study the behaviour of stock prices. It helps investors in determining whether buying, selling or holding on to a stock would be beneficial for them. Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) stock price rose 26.47 percent over the past one year, while increased 11.81 percent during the past 6 months. The stock gained 6.16 percent over the past month and rose 30.44 percent year-to-date. The stock’s quarterly performance represents optimistic momentum of 7.86 percent. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://news4j.com/2017/10/30/analyzing-todays-market-share-for-alphabet-inc-nasdaq-goog/


Abby Gale 
8 hours ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 Delineated as the total market value of all outstanding shares of the company, the current market cap for Alphabet Inc. is valued at 694.04B. The prevailing figure will allow the investment community to determine the size of Alphabet Inc. in contrast to the sales or total assets figures. As a result, investors will be able to comprehend the basic determinant of asset allocation and all sorts of risk-returns parameters for stocks alongside the stock mutual funds. However, it is a general misunderstanding that a higher share price points towards a larger company where stock price might also misrepresent the definite worth of the organization. *Graph represents Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ : GOOG) | Monday, October 30, 2017
 At present, Alphabet Inc. has a PE ratio of 36.94 with a forward P/E of 25.42 *. The PEG holds a value of 1.86 * and the P/S ratio is calculated to be 6.99 *, whilst P/B is stated to be 4.76. Alphabet Inc. grasps an EPS value of 27.59 * displaying an EPS growth of -10.80% * for this year. Accordingly, the company shows a -10.80% EPS growth for the subsequent year and computes the EPS growth for the past five years at *tba *. The EPS growth for the next five years accounts to 19.91% *. Sales growth for the last five years strolls at *tba *.  The shares outstanding for Alphabet Inc. is levered at 680.92 *. The Shares Float shows a value of 600.57 * and the Insider Ownership illustrates 11.77% *.  Alphabet Inc.’s ROA is currently valued at *tba * with a ROI value of *tba *. The Current Ratio parades a figure of *tba * and the Quick ratio meanders around *tba *.   Alphabet Inc. holds a total Debt Equity of *tba * with the Long Term Debt/Equity of *tba *. The company mirrors a Gross Margin of *tba indicating an Operating Profit of *tba *. As a result, Alphabet Inc. attained a Profit Margin of *tba *.  The weekly performance of Alphabet Inc. is 3.14%, presenting a monthly performance value of 7.35% with the quarterly performance value of 9.54%. Alphabet Inc. has an annual performance rate of 28.15% *.  Volatility on a weekly basis sums at 2.16% * together with the monthly volatility of 1.39% *. Alphabet Inc. has a 20-Day Simple Moving Average 4.42% * and a 200-Day Simple Moving Average of 13.12% *. The 52-Week High confirms a value of 2.21% * with the 52-Week Low of 40.10% *.  Currently, Alphabet Inc. holds a stock price of $1,019.27 and exhibits a change in price of 4.80%. It has a target price of $1,053.50 * and started its journey on 3/27/2014 * (IPO Date).     Disclaimer:  Outlined statistics and information communicated in the above editorial are merely a work of the authors. They do not ponder or echo the certified policy or position of any business stakeholders, financial specialists, or economic analysts. Specimens laid down on the editorial above are only cases with information collected from various sources. The authority will not be liable for anyone who makes stock portfolio or financial decisions as per the editorial, which is based only on limited and open source NASDAQ : GOOG   Tags (NASDAQ:GOOG) Alphabet Inc. GOOG Internet Information Providers NASDAQ Technology 8 mins ago 8 mins ago 8 mins ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

http://www.usacommercedaily.com/2017/10/30/analyzing-profit-making-efficiency-alphabet-inc-googl-alphabet-inc-goog/

Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are on a recovery track as they have regained 39.01% since bottoming out at $743.59 on Nov. 14, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 2.85% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 30.44% so far on the year — still in strong territory. In this case, shares are up 1.71% from $1063.62 , the 52-week high touched on Oct. 27, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 26.47% for the past 12 months.  Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to buy Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)’s shares projecting a $1104.92 target price. Analysts‟ target price forecasts are a prediction of a stock‟s future price, generally over the 12 months following the release date (Asquith et al., 2005). This forecast is a point estimate that provides investors with a benchmark against which to directly compare stock price in the short run.Target prices made by analysts employed by large brokers, who have access to a greater resource pool, are more likely to be met over the 12-month forecast period.  GOOGL’s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 19% during the past five years. However, the company’s most recent quarter increase of 23.7% looks attractive. The sales growth rate for a stock is a measure of how the stock’s sales per share (SPS) has grown over a specific period of time. It tells an investor how quickly a company is increasing its revenues. The sales growth rate helps investors determine how strong the overall growth-orientation is for a stock or portfolio.   The best measure of a company is its profitability, for without it, it cannot grow, and if it doesn’t grow, then its stock will trend downward. Increasing profits are the best indication that a company can pay dividends and that the share price will trend upward. Creditors will loan money at a cheaper rate to a profitable company than to an unprofitable one; consequently, profitable companies can use leverage to increase stockholders’ equity even more. Profitability ratios compare different accounts to see how efficiently a business is generating profits. These ratios show how well income is generated through operations, and are important to both creditors and investors. They help determine the company’s ability to continue operating. Currently, Alphabet Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at 0%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 17.71%, and the sector’s average is 102.46%. In that light, it seems in weak position compared to its peers and sector. The profit margin measures the amount of net income earned with each dollar’s worth of revenue. It shows the percentage of sales that remain after all of the company’s expenses have been paid. The higher the ratio, the better.  Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed 2.21% since hitting a peak level of $1048.39 on Oct. 27, 2017. Thanks to an increase of almost 7.35% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 32.06% so far on the year — still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 40.1% higher from $727.54, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Nov. 14, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 11.69% for the past six months.  The good news is there’s still room for Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) to grow. At recent closing price of $1019.27, GOOG has a chance to add $34.23 or 3.36% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($1053.5) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 1.6 looks like a buy. It has a 36-month beta of 0 , so you might not be in for a bumpy ride.  For the past 5 years, Alphabet Inc.’s EPS growth has been nearly 0%. Sure, the percentage is discouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 19.91%, annually.  Alphabet Inc. (GOOG)’s ROE is 0%, while industry’s is 15.42%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 14.87%. The return on equity (ROE), also known as return on investment (ROI), is the best measure of the return, since it is the product of the operating performance, asset turnover, and debt-equity management of the firm. If a firm can borrow money and use it to achieve a higher return than the cost of the debt, then the leveraging creates additional revenue that accrues to stockholders as increased equity.  Alphabet Inc.’s ROA is 0%, while industry’s average is 4.18%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company’s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 8.58. The return on assets (ROA) (aka return on total assets, return on average assets), is one of the most widely used profitability ratios because it is related to both profit margin and asset turnover, and shows the rate of return for both creditors and investors of the company. ROA shows how well a company controls its costs and utilizes its resources. 
 

