https://finance.yahoo.com/news/general-electric-lays-off-workers-power-business-york-225646901--finance.html

By Alwyn Scott NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Electric Co <GE.N> said on Friday it was laying off workers at its power division in Schenectady, New York, as it tries to reduce costs after a steep profit drop at the division. GE declined to disclose the number of workers affected. A report by local ABC TV affiliate News10, citing sources inside GE's Schenectady plant, said about 75 people had been notified that they are being let go. So far this year, GE has laid off at least 75 other workers in New York state, according to state records. GE Chief Executive John Flannery, who took over in August, has promised to cut $1 billion in company spending this year and $2 billion in 2018, as the company grapples with its weak financial results and declining share price. GE's profit fell about 9 percent in the third quarter. GE has grounded corporate jets, eliminated company cars for hundreds of executives, delayed part of its Boston headquarters and reduced employment in many locations. The company has also changed a number of top executives, including installing a new CFO, and plans to exit more than $20 billion in business in the next two years. "GE has previously announced a plan to reduce $3 billion in cost by the end of 2018," the company said in a statement. "Those actions include, but are not limited to, employee reductions, which have been under way for many months." GE said "a significant decline in orders" at GE Power prompted the layoffs in Schenectady. Workers will receive severance and help finding new jobs, GE said. GE's downsizing is not limited to its power division. In July, the company disclosed plans to lay off 575 workers at a railroad locomotive plant in Erie, Pennsylvania. An August report commissioned by the United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of America Local 506, which represents the workers, estimated they earn about $108,000 a year in pay and benefits.  (Reporting by Alwyn Scott, editing by G Crosse) 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/general-electric-lays-off-workers-power-business-york-225646901--finance.html

By Alwyn Scott NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Electric Co <GE.N> said on Friday it was laying off workers at its power division in Schenectady, New York, as it tries to reduce costs after a steep profit drop at the division. GE declined to disclose the number of workers affected. A report by local ABC TV affiliate News10, citing sources inside GE's Schenectady plant, said about 75 people had been notified that they are being let go. So far this year, GE has laid off at least 75 other workers in New York state, according to state records. GE Chief Executive John Flannery, who took over in August, has promised to cut $1 billion in company spending this year and $2 billion in 2018, as the company grapples with its weak financial results and declining share price. GE's profit fell about 9 percent in the third quarter. GE has grounded corporate jets, eliminated company cars for hundreds of executives, delayed part of its Boston headquarters and reduced employment in many locations. The company has also changed a number of top executives, including installing a new CFO, and plans to exit more than $20 billion in business in the next two years. "GE has previously announced a plan to reduce $3 billion in cost by the end of 2018," the company said in a statement. "Those actions include, but are not limited to, employee reductions, which have been under way for many months." GE said "a significant decline in orders" at GE Power prompted the layoffs in Schenectady. Workers will receive severance and help finding new jobs, GE said. GE's downsizing is not limited to its power division. In July, the company disclosed plans to lay off 575 workers at a railroad locomotive plant in Erie, Pennsylvania. An August report commissioned by the United Electrical, Radio and Machine Workers of America Local 506, which represents the workers, estimated they earn about $108,000 a year in pay and benefits.  (Reporting by Alwyn Scott, editing by G Crosse) 

https://www.postanalyst.com/2017/12/04/a-bit-overly-ripe-for-owning-baker-hughes-a-ge-company-bhge-albireo-pharma-inc-albo/

Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) popped in on a high volume green day. Volume on 02-Dec-17 came in at 10.8 million contracts. The daily trading volume has averaged 3.81 million shares a day in past 3 months. The first sale was made at $30.04 but later the stock became weaker, and closed with a gain of 3.26%. It was last traded at $30.7 apiece.  Baker Hughes, a GE company is maintained at an average hold rating by 30 stock analysts, and there are at least 1.13% of shares outstanding that are currently legally short sold. The shares went down by -3.61% in value last month. Year-to-date it plunged -32.17%. Analysts are turning out to be more optimistic than before, with 12 of analysts who cover Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) advice adding it to buy candidate list. Wall Street experts also assign a $38 price target on Baker Hughes, a GE company, pointing towards a 23.78% rally from current levels. The stock is trading for about -35.75% less than its 52-week high.  Baker Hughes, a GE company (BHGE) remained unsuccessful in beating the consensus-estimated $0.11 as it actually earned $0.05 per share in its last reported financial results. Revenue, on the other hand, scored 130.09% growth from the previous quarter, coming up with $5.53 billion.   This company shares (BHGE) so far managed to recover 3.65% since collapsing to its 52-week low. Over a month, it has seen its stock price volatility to stay at 2.23% while shortening the period to a week, volatility was 2.87%. The share price has yet to cross its 20 days moving average, floating at a distance of -1.77% and sits -7.28% lower versus its 50 days moving average. When looking at the past five sessions, the stock returned -0.32% losses and is down by -17.5% compared with its 200-day moving average of $39.44. Also, Baker Hughes, a GE company (BHGE) needs to overturn a -31.14% decrease it experienced over the past twelve months.  As regular trading ended, Albireo Pharma, Inc. (ALBO) stock brought in a -$0.63 drop to $24.39. The day started at a price of $25.02 but then traded as high as $25.43 before giving part of the gains back. As for this week, analysts appear content to stick with their bright outlook with the consensus call at 1.5. Albireo Pharma, Inc. is given 3 buy-equivalent recommendations, 0 sells and 0 holds. The company shares sank -16.47% from their peak of $29.20 and now has a $213.66 million market value of equity.  ALBO’s mean recommendation on Reuter’s scale improved from 1.4 thirty days ago to 1.5 now, which indicates a buy consensus from the analyst community. They see Albireo Pharma, Inc. (ALBO) price hitting a mean target of $56.25 a share, meaning the stock still has potential that could lift the price another 130.63% Also, the recent close suggests the stock is underpriced by 277.2% compared to the most bullish target.  The company had seen its current volume reaching at 0.54 million shares in the last trade. That compares with the recent volume average of 0.03 million. At the close of regular trading, its last week’s stock price volatility was 6.17% which for the month reaches 8.84%. Albireo Pharma, Inc. dipped to as low as $21.25 throughout the day and has returned 37.56% in this year. At one point in the past year, the shares traded as low as $15.31 but has recovered 59.31% since then. 

https://simplywall.st/stocks/us/energy/nyse-bhge/baker-hughes-a-ge/news/should-you-buy-baker-hughes-a-ge-company-bhge-at-30-7/

 Let’s talk about the popular Baker Hughes a GE company (NYSE:BHGE). The company’s shares received a lot of attention from a substantial price movement on the NYSE in the over the last few months, increasing to $37.52 at one point, and dropping to the lows of $29.73. This high level of volatility gives investors the opportunity to enter into the stock, and potentially buy at an artificially low price. A question to answer is whether BHGE’s current trading price of $30.7 reflective of the actual value of the large-cap? Or is it currently undervalued, providing us with the opportunity to buy? Let’s take a look at BHGE’s outlook and value based on the most recent financial data to see if there are any catalysts for a price change. Check out our latest analysis for Baker Hughes a GE   Is BHGE still cheap? BHGE appears to be overvalued by 37% at the moment, based on my discounted cash flow valuation. The stock is currently priced at $30.7 on the market compared to my intrinsic value of $22.38. Not the best news for investors looking to buy! Furthermore, BHGE’s share price also seems relatively stable compared to the rest of the market, as indicated by its low beta. If you believe the share price should eventually reach its true value, a low beta could suggest it is unlikely to rapidly do so anytime soon, and once it’s there, it may be hard to fall back down into an attractive buying range.   Can we expect growth from BHGE?     NYSE:BHGE Future Profit Dec 5th 17  Investors looking for growth in their portfolio may want to consider the prospects of a company before buying its shares. Although value investors would argue that it’s the intrinsic value relative to the price that matter the most, a more compelling investment thesis would be high growth potential at a cheap price. BHGE’s earnings over the next few years are expected to double, indicating a very optimistic future ahead. This should lead to stronger cash flows, feeding into a higher share value.    Are you a shareholder? BHGE’s optimistic future growth appears to have been factored into the current share price, with shares trading above its fair value. However, this brings up another question – is now the right time to sell? If you believe BHGE should trade below its current price, selling high and buying it back up again when its price falls towards its real value can be profitable. But before you make this decision, take a look at whether its fundamentals have changed.   Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on BHGE for a while, now may not be the best time to enter into the stock. The price has surpassed its true value, which means there’s no upside from mispricing. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for BHGE, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors in order to take advantage of the next price drop.   Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Baker Hughes a GE. You can find everything you need to know about BHGE in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Baker Hughes a GE, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential. Investors! Do you know the famous “Icahn’s lift”? 
Noted activist shareholder, Carl Ichan has become famous (and rich) by taking positions in badly run public corporations and forcing them to make radical changes to uncover shareholders value. "Icahn lift" is a bump in a company's stock price that often occurs after he has taken a position in it. What were his last buys? Click here to view a FREE detailed infographic analysis of Carl Icahn’s investment portfolio.   Are you a shareholder? BHGE’s optimistic future growth appears to have been factored into the current share price, with shares trading above its fair value. However, this brings up another question – is now the right time to sell? If you believe BHGE should trade below its current price, selling high and buying it back up again when its price falls towards its real value can be profitable. But before you make this decision, take a look at whether its fundamentals have changed.   Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on BHGE for a while, now may not be the best time to enter into the stock. The price has surpassed its true value, which means there’s no upside from mispricing. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for BHGE, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors in order to take advantage of the next price drop.   Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Baker Hughes a GE. You can find everything you need to know about BHGE in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Baker Hughes a GE, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential.  

http://www.hotstockspoint.com/2017/12/analysts-suggestions-in-the-limelight-baker-hughes-a-ge-company-nyse-bhge/

Wall Street faded having notched record highs on Monday, while the dollar and Treasury yields climbed, after a major U.S. tax overhaul cleared an important hurdle. Markets digested the U.S. Senate’s approval on Saturday of the biggest tax law change since the 1980s, taking President Donald Trump closer to his aim of slashing taxes on businesses. On Wall Street, the benchmark S&P 500 .SPX set a record intraday high, but then pulled back and finished lower, while the Dow industrials still managed a record high close. MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS gained 0.14 percent and also hit an all-time peak, but was well off its session high. The Republicans’ tax plan is predictable to add $1.4 trillion over 10 years to the $20 trillion national debt to finance changes that they say would further boost an already growing economy. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 58.46 points, or 0.24 percent, to 24,290.05, the S&P 500 .SPX lost 2.78 points, or 0.11 percent, to 2,639.44 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 72.22 points, or 1.05 percent, to 6,775.37. Some of the biggest gainers were from areas expected to benefit from a lower corporate tax rate. The S&P 500 banks index .SPXBK surged 2.3 percent, while the Dow Jones Transport Average .DJT jumped 1.8 percent. But the technology sector .SPLRCT, which has led Wall Street’s record-setting rally this year, tumbled 1.9 percent. (Source: Reuters) Stock to Watch: Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE) On Monday, Shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE) expressed a change of 3.29% and closed its trade at $31.71. The stock exchanged hands with 7,928,166 numbers of shares compared to its average daily volume of 3.96M shares. When trading is lighter than usual, it is said to be “thin.” When there’s more trading than usual, it is called “heavy trading.” Volume is the basic fuel of the market since stocks move up or down in price only when shares are trading hands. The market capitalization (Stock Price Multiply by Total Number of Outstanding Shares) for the company is reported at $36.62B. The company has its outstanding shares of 1.15B. Outstanding shares refer to a company’s stock presently held by all its shareholders, counting share blocks held by institutional shareholders and restricted shares owned by the company’s officers and insiders. After a recent check, it is observed that the insiders for the firm currently own 0.20% shares. There has been an observed change of 0.06% in the ownership of the shares in the past six months. However, the institutional investors are observed to own 97.10% of the total shares. During last 3 month period, 0.03% of total institutional ownership has changed in the company shares. What Historical Figures Say About Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE)? Before trading, trader, investor or shareholder must have an eye on stock’s historical performance. Analysts review historical return data when trying to predict future returns or to estimate how a security might react to a particular situation, such as a drop in consumer demand. Historical returns can also be useful when estimating where future points of data may fall in terms of standard deviations. Analyzing historical data can give some perception of how a security or market has reacted to various different variables, from regular economic cycles to sudden world events. Shareholders looking to interpret historical returns should keep one caveat in mind: you can’t assume that the future will be like the past. The older the historical return data is, the more likely it is to be less useful when predicting future returns. Historical return data for BHGE stock is described below:  Looking into last 5 trades, the stock observed a return of almost 4.62%. However, 1.37% over the last one month, -9.32% for the last quarter and year to date performance stands at -29.94%. Important Technical Indicators to Consider: ATR value of the company was 0.94 and Relative Strength Index (RSI) was 50.51. The stock volatility for the week was 3.13% while for the month was 3.02%. The stock was trading at a distance of -33.63% from its 52-week highs and stands 7.06% away from its 52-week lows. BHGE’s latest closing price was -14.65% away from the average price of 200 days while it maintained a distance of -3.89% from the 50 Day Moving Average and 1.55% away compared to its SMA 20. Analysts’ Suggestions in the Limelight: Analysts have given a mean recommendation of 2.50 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The mean target price as estimated by the analysts for the company has been recorded at $38.00. Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Hotstockspoint.com are only for information purposes. Hot Stocks Point (HSP) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of Hot Stocks Point; however, human error can exist.   
 (adsbygoogle=window.adsbygoogle||[]).push({}); 

https://www.analystsbuzz.com/2017/12/04/stock-that-upswing-for-the-day-baker-hughes-a-ge-company-bhge-potbelly-corporation-pbpb/

 

https://www.stocknewsgazette.com/2017/12/04/reliable-long-term-trend-to-profit-from-baker-hughes-a-ge-company-bhge-regeneron-pharmaceuticals-inc-regn/

The shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company have decreased by more than -32.17% this year alone. The shares recently went up by 3.26% or $0.97 and now trades at $30.70. The shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:REGN), has jumped by 1.74% year to date as of 12/01/2017. The shares currently trade at $373.47 and have been able to report a change of -2.96% over the past one week. The stock of Baker Hughes, a GE company and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. were two of the most active stocks on Friday. Investors seem to be very interested in what happens to the stocks of these two companies but do investors favor one over the other? We will analyze the growth, profitability, risk, valuation, and insider trends of both companies and see which one investors prefer. Next 5Y EPS Growth: 2.40% versus 16.36% When a company is able to grow consistently in terms of earnings at a high compound rate have the highest likelihood of creating value for its shareholders over time. Analysts have predicted that BHGE will grow it’s earning at a 2.40% annual rate in the next 5 years. This is in contrast to REGN which will have a positive growth at a 16.36% annual rate. This means that the higher growth rate of REGN implies a greater potential for capital appreciation over the years. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Profitability and Returns Growth alone cannot be used to see if the company will be valuable. Shareholders will be the losers if a company invest in ventures that aren’t profitable enough to support upbeat growth. In order for us to accurately measure profitability and return, we will be using the EBITDA margin and Return on Investment (ROI), which balances the difference in capital structure. The ROI of BHGE is -16.90% while that of REGN is 18.20%. These figures suggest that REGN ventures generate a higher ROI than that of BHGE. Cash Flow  
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The value of a stock is ultimately determined by the amount of cash flow that the investors have available. Over the last 12 months, BHGE’s free cash flow per share is a negative -4.96, while that of REGN is positive 6.7. Liquidity and Financial Risk The ability of a company to meet up with its short-term obligations and be able to clear its longer-term debts is measured using Liquidity and leverage ratios. The current ratio for BHGE is 1.90 and that of REGN is 3.60. This implies that it is easier for BHGE to cover its immediate obligations over the next 12 months than REGN. The debt ratio of BHGE is 0.12 compared to 0.12 for REGN. REGN can be able to settle its long-term debts and thus is a lower financial risk than BHGE. Valuation BHGE currently trades at a forward P/E of 28.56, a P/B of 0.33, and a P/S of 2.55 while REGN trades at a forward P/E of 22.22, a P/B of 6.59, and a P/S of 7.21. This means that looking at the earnings, book values and sales basis, BHGE is the cheaper one. It is very obvious that earnings are the most important factors to investors, thus analysts are most likely to place their bet on the P/E. Analyst Price Targets and Opinions The mistake some people make is that they think a cheap stock has more value to it. In order to know the value of a stock, there is need to compare its current price to its likely trading price in the future. The price of BHGE is currently at a -19.21% to its one-year price target of 38.00. Looking at its rival pricing, REGN is at a -20.06% relative to its price target of 467.17. This figure implies that over the next one year, REGN is a better investment. When looking at the investment recommendation on say a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell), BHGE is given a 2.50 while 2.30 placed for REGN. This means that analysts are more bullish on the outlook for BHGE stocks. Insider Activity and Investor Sentiment Short interest or otherwise called the percentage of a stock’s tradable shares currently being shorted is another data that investors use to get a handle on sentiment. The short ratio for BHGE is 2.32 while that of REGN is just 2.38. This means that analysts are more bullish on the forecast for BHGE stock. Conclusion The stock of Baker Hughes, a GE company defeats that of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. when the two are compared, with BHGE taking 4 out of the total factors that were been considered. BHGE happens to be more profitable, generates a higher ROI, has higher cash flow per share, higher liquidity and has a lower financial risk. When looking at the stock valuation, BHGE is the cheaper one on an earnings, book value and sales basis. Finally, the sentiment signal for BHGE is better on when it is viewed on short interest. 

http://www.thestreetpoint.com/2017/12/05/blistering-stock-on-the-move-baker-hughes-a-ge-company-nysebhge/

On Monday, Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE) has became attention seeker from the inquisitor when it experienced a change of 3.29% Whereas, in last 21 trading days was 1.37% and moved up in last 63 trading days of -9.32%. Looking further out we can see that the stock has moved -29.94% over the year to date. Along with these its last twelve month performance is stands at -30.29% while moved -18.13% for the past six months according to Finviz reported data. Analytical Significance of Simple Moving Average The SMA200 of the stock is at -14.65%, SMA20 is 1.55%, while SMA50 is -3.89%. BHGE’s relative volume was 2.00. Relative volume is a great indicator to keep a close eye on, but like most indicators it works best in conjunction with other indicators and on different time frames. Higher relative volume you will have more liquidity in the stock which will tighten spreads and allow you to trade with more size without a ton of slippage. BHGE’s overall volume in the last trading session was 7,928,166 shares. Important Technical Indicators to keep in Focus:- A statistical measure of the dispersion of returns (volatility) for BHGE producing salvation in Investors mouth, it has week volatility of 3.13% and for the month booked as 3.02%. Regardless of which metric you utilize, a firm understanding of the concept of volatility and how it is measured is essential to successful investing. A stock that maintains a relatively stable price has low volatility. When investing in a volatile security, the risk of success is increased just as much as the risk of failure.  Baker Hughes, a GE company’s beta is 0.79 whilst the stock has an average true range (ATR) of 0.94. Other technical indicators are worth considering in assessing the prospects for EQT. RSI for instance is currently at 50.51. It is common practice for investors to use the price-to-earnings ratio (P/E ratio or price multiple) to determine if a company’s stock price is over or undervalued. Companies with a high P/E ratio are typically growth stocks. However, their relatively high multiples do not necessarily mean their stocks are overpriced and not good buys for the long term. The PEG ratio shows us that, when compare to the beer company, the always-popular tech company doesn’t have the growth rate to justify its higher P/E, and its stock price appears overvalued. Baker Hughes, a GE company’s currently has a PEG ratio of – where as its P/E ratio is 0.00. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 2.63, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 0.34, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 7.67. Should You Go With High Insider Ownership? Many value investors look for stocks with a high percent of insider ownership, under the theory that when management are shareholders, they will act in its own self interest, and create shareholder value in the long-term. This aligns the interests of shareholders with management, thus benefiting everyone. While this sounds great in theory, high insider ownership can actually lead to the opposite result, a management team that is unaccountable because they can keep their jobs under almost any circumstance. Currently Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE)’s shares owned by insiders are 0.20%, whereas shares owned by institutional owners are 97.10%. December 5, 2017 December 5, 2017 December 5, 2017  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 On Monday, Spirit Airlines, Inc. (NASDAQ: SAVE) has became attention seeker from the inquisitor when it experienced a change of 1.85% Whereas, in last 21 trading days was 22.21% and …  December 5, 2017 December 5, 2017 December 5, 2017 December 5, 2017 

