https://investorplace.com/2017/10/apple-inc-aapl-stock-3-reasons/

Tech giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has seen its shares languish around the $155 mark for the past three months. Investors are questioning whether the company’s latest devices, the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus, will be enough to keep the firm’s revenue on the upswing after a brief period of decline. The new iPhones have had a lukewarm reception, as many complain that they are too similar to the 7 models, and others hold out for the iPhone X due out in November.Apple stock’s loss of momentum provides an opportunity to buy, especially considering the fact that AAPL earnings are due out next week. While some are cautious ahead of the fourth quarter results, I think the results will send the stock higher, making now a great entry point.As I mentioned, Apple’s revenue is of utmost importance to investors, especially after the firm reported a revenue decline for the first time ever last year. Since then, Apple has been able to report revenue growth consistently, and this quarter is unlikely to be any different.Apple is expecting to report fourth quarter revenue to be somewhere between $49 billion and $52 billion. That means even if the figures come in at the low end, Apple will be able to report year-over-year growth from last year’s fourth quarter revenue of $46.9 billion. However, in the past, the company’s management has been notoriously conservative when it comes to AAPL earnings guidance, so I think it’s safe to assume that the revenue figures will come in on the higher end of the scale.Some worry about whether the lackluster reception of the iPhone 8 will hurt the firm’s revenue. That’s a valid concern considering that iPhone sales are the meat and potatoes of Apple’s overall revenue. It’s true that people appear to be holding out for the iPhone X, the sales of which won’t impact the fourth quarter results. But I’d imagine that management took this into account when they were making their forecasts.Another big catalyst for AAPL stock is the firm’s ability to continue growing from quarter to quarter. Next week’s AAPL earnings call will likely be dominated by questions about the company’s highly anticipated iPhone X and the projections for its holiday sales. With so many souped-up new features and very few rivals boasting similar capabilities, the iPhone X has a lot of potential to boost Apple’s sales during the holiday shopping season.As HSBC analyst Steven Pelayo pointed out when the bank gave AAPL stock a “Buy” rating, Apple has a lot of loyal customers who are likely waiting for the iPhone X to hit the shelves before they upgrade. That massively loyal customer base gives Apple a wide moat. The buzz around the iPhone X has made it a must-have for people who are dedicated to the Apple ecosystem.Next PageArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/apple-inc-aapl-stock-3-reasons/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/10/10235267/an-iphone-x-preorder-primer

Ahead of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) iPhone X pre-order on Oct. 27, Gene Munster expects lead times for the phone to reach four to six weeks a few hours after ordering opens up.Munster expects the iPhone X will reach global supply-demand equilibrium in three to four months after the launch, falling sometime in the March quarter.While not an exact science, Loup Ventures has seen iPhone lead times as a way to gauge demand for the iPhone. Contrarily to some accusations, Munster does not believe that Apple purposefully creates long lead times to create a guise of demand.If the firm sees lead times of four to six weeks the morning of the pre-order sale, that is generally a sign demand for the iPhone X is trending more favorable than investor expectations. If by Sunday lead times are less than two weeks, Munster says he would be concerned about underlying demand for the phone.One of the most anticipated Apple products in years will be a make or break story over the next year according to the analyst.“The iPhone mix and ASP will be the biggest driver of AAPL shares in the next year, which we expect to be favorable to the story,” said Munster in a preorder primer report.“At first take the $1000 starting price iPhone feels like a deal breaker. We think that’s a fallacy, and consumers will take a step function jump in what they’re willing to spend on an iPhone given most buy their phones on installment plans,” he concluded.Related Link: Apple May Not Be Able To Meet iPhone X Demand, Which Could Be A Good Thing
View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
Posted-In: Gene Munster iPhone iPhone XAnalyst Color News Events Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/10/27/apple-inc-aapl-shares-sold-by-old-national-bancorp-in.html


					Posted by Nicole Wilson on Oct 27th, 2017 // No Comments OLD National Bancorp IN decreased its holdings in  Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by 5.1% in the 2nd quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 216,550 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock after selling 11,588 shares during the quarter. Apple makes up  approximately  1.7% of OLD National Bancorp IN’s holdings, making the stock its 6th largest holding. OLD National Bancorp IN’s holdings in Apple were worth $31,188,000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). A number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the business. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA grew its holdings in  Apple by 5.7% in the 2nd quarter. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA now owns 12,993 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $1,871,000 after buying an additional 700 shares during the period.  James Investment Research Inc. grew its holdings in shares of  Apple by 1,487.5% during the 2nd quarter. James Investment Research Inc. now owns 89,058 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $12,826,000 after purchasing an additional 83,448 shares during the period.  Abner Herrman & Brock LLC grew its holdings in shares of  Apple by 1.1% during the 2nd quarter. Abner Herrman & Brock LLC now owns 9,109 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $1,312,000 after purchasing an additional 102 shares during the period.  Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. grew its holdings in shares of  Apple by 502.9% during the 2nd quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 859,200 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $123,742,000 after purchasing an additional 716,683 shares during the period.  Finally, Woodstock Corp grew its holdings in shares of  Apple by 2.2% during the 2nd quarter. Woodstock Corp now owns 60,902 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock worth $8,771,000 after purchasing an additional 1,330 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  60.32% of the company’s stock. In related news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 63,388 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, October 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $154.21, for a total transaction of $9,775,063.48. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Timothy D. Cook sold 268,623 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, August 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $160.63, for a total value of $43,148,912.49. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 541,177 shares of company stock worth $85,864,804. 0.08% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Several research firms recently commented on AAPL. BMO Capital Markets  reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $170.00 price target on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, July 25th. Maxim Group  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $193.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Friday. Nomura  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $165.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. Barclays PLC  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $146.00 target price on shares of Apple in a research report on Tuesday, August 15th. Finally, Vetr raised Apple from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $166.96 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, August 17th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and forty-six have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $193.05.Apple Inc. (NASDAQ AAPL) traded up 3.275% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $162.565. 26,946,496 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $156.59 and its 200-day moving average price is $152.47. The company has a market capitalization of $839.69 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.457 and a beta of 1.27. Apple Inc. has a 52 week low of $104.08 and a 52 week high of $164.94. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, August 1st. The iPhone maker reported $1.67 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.57 by $0.10. Apple had a return on equity of 26.24% and a net margin of 19.20%. The company had revenue of $45.41 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $44.94 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.42 EPS. Apple’s quarterly revenue was up 7.2% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Apple Inc. will post $9.00 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. About AppleApple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings.Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/noteworthy-friday-option-activity-aapl-fb-cmg-cm867247

Looking at  options trading  activity among components of the S&P 500 index, there is noteworthy activity today in Apple Inc (Symbol: AAPL), where a total volume of 729,578 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 73.0 million underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 369.2% of AAPL's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 19.8 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $160 strike call option expiring October 27, 2017  , with 79,626 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 8.0 million underlying shares of AAPL. Below is a chart showing AAPL's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $160 strike highlighted in orange:       makeArticleAd();    Facebook Inc (Symbol: FB) options are showing a volume of 402,051 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 40.2 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 312.3% of FB's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 12.9 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $175 strike call option expiring October 27, 2017  , with 40,130 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 4.0 million underlying shares of FB. Below is a chart showing FB's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $175 strike highlighted in orange:       And Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc (Symbol: CMG) options are showing a volume of 30,618 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 3.1 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 174.3% of CMG's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.8 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $280 strike call option expiring October 27, 2017  , with 2,606 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 260,600 underlying shares of CMG. Below is a chart showing CMG's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $280 strike highlighted in orange:         For the various different available expirations for AAPL options  , FB options  , or CMG options  , visit StockOptionsChannel.com.   Today's Most Active Call & Put Options of the   S&P 500 »             Today's Most Active Call & Put Options of the   S&P 500 » 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.




http://www.nasdaq.com/article/notable-friday-option-activity-ge-fti-adbe-cm867241

Looking at  options trading  activity among components of the S&P 500 index, there is noteworthy activity today in General Electric Co (Symbol: GE), where a total volume of 358,256 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 35.8 million underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 43.3% of GE's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 82.7 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $20 strike put option expiring December 15, 2017  , with 37,010 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 3.7 million underlying shares of GE. Below is a chart showing GE's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $20 strike highlighted in orange:       makeArticleAd();    TechnipFMC plc (Symbol: FTI) options are showing a volume of 13,249 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 1.3 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 40.6% of FTI's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 3.3 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $31 strike call option expiring January 19, 2018  , with 10,304 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 1.0 million underlying shares of FTI. Below is a chart showing FTI's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $31 strike highlighted in orange:       And Adobe Systems Inc (Symbol: ADBE) options are showing a volume of 13,597 contracts thus far today. That number of contracts represents approximately 1.4 million underlying shares, working out to a sizeable 40.2% of ADBE's average daily trading volume over the past month, of 3.4 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $165 strike put option expiring November 17, 2017  , with 1,398 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 139,800 underlying shares of ADBE. Below is a chart showing ADBE's trailing twelve month trading history, with the $165 strike highlighted in orange:         For the various different available expirations for GE options  , FTI options  , or ADBE options  , visit StockOptionsChannel.com.   Today's Most Active Call & Put Options of the   S&P 500 »             Today's Most Active Call & Put Options of the   S&P 500 » 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.




https://investorplace.com/2017/10/earnings-growth-keeps-apple-aapl-a-buy/

Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a $807.8 billion in market value member of the Technology Hardware Storage & Peripherals GICS industry group where Portfolio Grader's current ranking for AAPL puts it 5 among the 37 companies in this industry group, giving it a well above-average position. AAPL is ranked in the top quartile of the sector with a ranking of 117 among the 705 companies in the sector and number 569 in the 5000 company Portfolio Grader company universe.AAPL is rated as a Buy using the system for investing of Louis Navellier and his Portfolio Grader stock evaluator.  AAPL has recently seen its Portfolio Grader rating downgraded over the last month from a Strong Buy to a Buy.Currently, Portfolio Grader ranks the Information Technology sector number 6 among the 12 sectors in its universe putting it in the third quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Technology Hardware Storage & Peripherals industry group is ranked 33 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it near the average in terms of the Navellier scoring system.Apple has attained above-average scores in 3 of the 8 fundamental areas appraised by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average grades in 5 of the areas used in the ranking of company stocks.AAPL's operational scores provide mixed results with rankings for operating margin and sales growth that are below-average, while the score for earnings growth is above-average.  Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with rankings for earnings surprises and earnings revisions that are worse than average, while the score for earnings momentum is better than average. AAPL's score for return on equity is significantly better than its industry group average but its grade for cash flow is below-average.  These fundamental scores give Apple a position in the top quartile of the industry group. Quantitatively, Portfolio Grader uses the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score to gauge AAPL's shares from the perspective of risk/reward. This exclusive scoring approach takes into account the relative value of the company's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Based on this risk/reward calculation, AAPL currently scores well above-average in its industry group compared to its peers.Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here.Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies.Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/earnings-growth-keeps-apple-aapl-a-buy/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://qz.com/1114096/alphabet-goog-amazon-amzn-apple-aapl-facebook-fb-and-microsoft-msft-have-added-nearly-1-trillion-in-value-in-2017/

It’s a great day, and year, to own stock in America’s technology sector.Mostly, the reasons were clear: Amazon, Microsoft, and Alphabet reported expectation-beating earnings yesterday (Oct. 26) after trading hours, and Apple saw strong demand for its new iPhone X overnight. As for Facebook, apparently a rising tide lifts all boats. By 1:30pm ET today, the market capitalization of those companies increased by $181 billion. For the sake of comparison, Goldman Sachs has a market cap of $93 billion.This year so far has been a big one for these companies, which have added nearly $1 trillion in value. And it’s only October—at current rates, these companies will have accrued that $1 trillion in market capitalization by the end of the year. Who knows, it could even happen next week when Facebook and Apple report earnings.

https://qz.com/1114096/alphabet-goog-amazon-amzn-apple-aapl-facebook-fb-and-microsoft-msft-have-added-nearly-1-trillion-in-value-in-2017/

It’s a great day, and year, to own stock in America’s technology sector.Mostly, the reasons were clear: Amazon, Microsoft, and Alphabet reported expectation-beating earnings yesterday (Oct. 26) after trading hours, and Apple saw strong demand for its new iPhone X overnight. As for Facebook, apparently a rising tide lifts all boats. By 1:30pm ET today, the market capitalization of those companies increased by $181 billion. For the sake of comparison, Goldman Sachs has a market cap of $93 billion.This year so far has been a big one for these companies, which have added nearly $1 trillion in value. And it’s only October—at current rates, these companies will have accrued that $1 trillion in market capitalization by the end of the year. Who knows, it could even happen next week when Facebook and Apple report earnings.

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/3-big-stock-charts-for-thursday-apple-inc-aapl-amazon-com-inc-amzn-and-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd/

The biggest day of the third-quarter earnings season is upon us as this afternoon’s reporting will be a who’s who of technology and large-cap companies. So far, the market is punishing companies that miss their expectations more than rewarding those that beat, mostly on behalf of the fact that the major indices are trading at their highs. In other words, traders are using earnings as a reason to trim exposure to the market.Today’s three big stock charts examine Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) ahead of the company’s earnings report tonight.AMD shares have been taking it on the chin after a less than bullish earnings report missed analysts’ expectations for the stock. Now, we’re seeing traders react to negative technical triggers. Is the stock a buy now, or ready to move lower?Apple won’t release their earnings until Nov. 2, next week, but the analysts and traders are already questioning whether the sales figures for the iPhone 10 will hit expectations as the lower versions are still garnering attention.The charts show a technical battle that is favoring the bears for now.Next PageArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/3-big-stock-charts-for-thursday-apple-inc-aapl-amazon-com-inc-amzn-and-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/3-big-stock-charts-for-thursday-apple-inc-aapl-amazon-com-inc-amzn-and-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd/

The biggest day of the third-quarter earnings season is upon us as this afternoon’s reporting will be a who’s who of technology and large-cap companies. So far, the market is punishing companies that miss their expectations more than rewarding those that beat, mostly on behalf of the fact that the major indices are trading at their highs. In other words, traders are using earnings as a reason to trim exposure to the market.Today’s three big stock charts examine Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) ahead of the company’s earnings report tonight.AMD shares have been taking it on the chin after a less than bullish earnings report missed analysts’ expectations for the stock. Now, we’re seeing traders react to negative technical triggers. Is the stock a buy now, or ready to move lower?Apple won’t release their earnings until Nov. 2, next week, but the analysts and traders are already questioning whether the sales figures for the iPhone 10 will hit expectations as the lower versions are still garnering attention.The charts show a technical battle that is favoring the bears for now.Next PageArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/3-big-stock-charts-for-thursday-apple-inc-aapl-amazon-com-inc-amzn-and-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

