https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/

Everything happens fast nowadays. The curve steepens and shortens especially in the tech world. It’s hard to believe that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has only been up and running for 18 years. During that time Chairman, Jack Ma, has built one of the most formidable global ecommerce companies that is closing in on a half billion dollar market valuation.Being a homegrown mainland Chinese company, BABA has been able to navigate the waters there much more adroitly and profitably that foreign companies. And then, leveraging its scale and suppliers, the company continues to expand its reach in all directions.It listed on the New York Stock Exchange just three years ago facing many naysayers and China bears. BABA has clearly proved them wrong. Since its public listing the stock has delivered returns of 86%. Most of the performance has been in part due to the overall buoyant investor sentiment toward tech companies this year, but during the past few years, BABA has proven that it is a true competitor across multiple industries.But the past is the past, and at the 18th anniversary employee gathering, the focus was all about the future. Ma stated that, “…compared to the future, we have only just come of age. The future holds endless possibilities and imagination for Alibaba…”With a nod towards giving back and doing good for the broader economic community, Ma further emphasized:“Over the past three years we delivered on short-term financial goals, but our true purpose lies in harnessing the power of technology and innovation to make the world economy more inclusive and more healthy toward sustainable development.”Ma’s words may be sound altruistic, but they are built on the success of the company’s underlying enterprise. Taobao Marketplace, Tmall, Juhuasuan (flash sales), and 1688.com all fall under the Alibaba banner. From retail to wholesale to mobile to online, BABA’s presence is felt everywhere.New Retail and New Finance are particularly interesting given what BABA can leverage from its 18 years of deep operational experience. These also happen to be industries ripe for disruption, and BABA is well positioned to be that disruptor.Next PageArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-205651094.html

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) saw a double-digit share price rise of over 10% in the past couple of months on the NYSE. As a large-cap stock with high coverage by analysts, you could assume any recent changes in the company’s outlook is already priced into the stock. However, what if the stock is still a bargain? Today I will analyse the most recent data on BABA’s outlook and valuation to see if the opportunity still exists. See our latest analysis for BABAAccording to my valuation model, the stock is currently overvalued by about 100%, trading at $177.32 compared to my intrinsic value of $88.68. This means that the opportunity to buy BABA at a good price has disappeared! If you like the stock, you may want to keep an eye out for a potential price decline in the future. Given that BABA’s share is fairly volatile (i.e. its price movements are magnified relative to the rest of the market) this could mean the price can sink lower, giving us another chance to buy in the future. This is based on its high beta, which is a good indicator for share price volatility.Investors looking for growth in their portfolio may want to consider the prospects of a company before buying its shares. Although value investors would argue that it’s the intrinsic value relative to the price that matter the most, a more compelling investment thesis would be high growth potential at a cheap price. BABA’s earnings over the next few years are expected to double, indicating a very optimistic future ahead. This should lead to stronger cash flows, feeding into a higher share value.Are you a shareholder? BABA’s optimistic future growth appears to have been factored into the current share price, with shares trading above its fair value. At this current price, shareholders may be asking a different question – should I sell? If you believe BABA should trade below its current price, selling high and buying it back up again when its price falls towards its real value can be profitable. But before you make this decision, take a look at whether its fundamentals have changed.Are you a potential investor? If you’ve been keeping an eye on BABA for a while, now may not be the best time to enter into the stock. The price has surpassed its true value, which means there’s no upside from mispricing. However, the positive outlook is encouraging for BABA, which means it’s worth diving deeper into other factors in order to take advantage of the next price drop.Price is just the tip of the iceberg. Dig deeper into what truly matters – the fundamentals – before you make a decision on Alibaba Group Holding. You can find everything you need to know about BABA in the latest infographic research report. If you are no longer interested in Alibaba Group Holding, you can use our free platform to see my list of over 50 other stocks with a high growth potential. To help readers see pass the short term volatility of the financial market, we aim to bring you a long-term focused research analysis purely driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis does not factor in the latest price sensitive company announcements.   The author is an independent contributor and at the time of publication had no position in the stocks mentioned.

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/10/27/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-shares-sold-by-private-asset-management-inc.html


					Posted by Joyce Ramirez on Oct 27th, 2017 // No Comments Private Asset Management Inc. cut its holdings in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) by 81.1% during the third quarter, according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 4,733 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after selling 20,292 shares during the quarter. Private Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Alibaba Group Holding Limited were worth $4,733,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in the company. Shine Investment Advisory Services Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the second quarter worth $102,000.  FNY Managed Accounts LLC bought a new position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the first quarter worth $107,000.  Lee Financial Co boosted its position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 45.5% during the second quarter. Lee Financial Co now owns 800 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $113,000 after purchasing an additional 250 shares in the last quarter.  Winch Advisory Services LLC boosted its position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited by 147.4% during the second quarter. Winch Advisory Services LLC now owns 809 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $114,000 after purchasing an additional 482 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, San Francisco Sentry Investment Group CA bought a new position in shares of  Alibaba Group Holding Limited during the second quarter worth $116,000. 37.34% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) traded up 3.28% during trading on Friday, hitting $175.91. 16,366,749 shares of the stock traded hands. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a 1-year low of $86.01 and a 1-year high of $184.70. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $176.07 and a 200 day moving average of $148.61. The company has a market cap of $447.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 58.38 and a beta of 2.60. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, August 17th. The specialty retailer reported $0.94 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.73 by $0.21. Alibaba Group Holding Limited had a return on equity of 16.85% and a net margin of 28.77%. The firm had revenue of $7.40 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.16 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.74 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  Alibaba Group Holding Limited will post $4.91 EPS for the current fiscal year. A number of equities analysts have recently weighed in on BABA shares. Vetr raised shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $160.50 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, June 29th. Deutsche Bank AG  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $201.00 price target (up from $158.00) on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a research report on Monday, July 3rd. Atlantic Securities  restated a “hold” rating on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Friday, July 14th. HSBC Holdings plc  restated a “buy” rating and set a $168.00 price objective (up from $162.00) on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Saturday, July 22nd. Finally, Instinet  restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited in a report on Saturday, July 22nd. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating, thirty-two have given a buy rating and two have assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $180.09.COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first  published by The Ledger Gazette and is the sole property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/10/27/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-shares-sold-by-private-asset-management-inc.html. Alibaba Group Holding Limited Company ProfileAlibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally.Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.

http://standardoracle.com/2017/10/27/alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-profit-margins-analysis/

Key StatisticsAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) escalated 0.06% and closed its last trading session at $170.32. Its opening price on the last trading day was $170.22. The company’s market cap is $437.72 Billion. The company has 2.57 Billion shares outstanding and 784.05 Million shares were floated in market. The short ratio in the company’s stock is documented at 7.44 and the short float is around of 17.13%. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has been given an analysts’ mean target of 196.01.52-week High/LowThe highest price BABA stock touched in the last 12 month was $184.7 and the lowest price it hit in the same period was $86.01. Stock’s distance from 52 week High is -7.79% and the distance from 52 week Low is 98.02%.Share Volume AnalysisA total of 13.36 Billion shares exchanged at hands and its average trading volume is standing at 18.04 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 0.74.Stock PerformanceAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) performance during the last one year upgraded 65.71 percent, while its year to date (YTD) performance showed a positive trend of 93.96 percent. The stock jumped 47.46 percent over the past six months. The stock’s quarterly performance indicates a positive momentum of 8.1 percent, whereas its last one month trend is pessimistic with -0.39 percent. Its weekly performance showed downward trend of -4.28 percent.Profit Margins AnalysisProfitability analysis helps a great deal in making investment decision. Net profit margin of the company was recorded at 28.8 percent, operating profit margin was 31 percent, while gross profit margin stands at 63 percent.Key Ratios ReviewLiquidity ratios help investors to determine a company’s ability to pay off its debts. For the most recent quarter, quick ratio was 1.7, current ratio was 1.7, LT Debt/Equity ratio was 0.26 and Total Debt/Equity ratio stands at 0.31, while Payout ratio is 0.Return on Assets, Investment and EquityAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) has a Return on Assets of 10.2 percent, Return on Investment of 8.7 percent and a Return on Equity of 18.7 percent.Simple Moving AverageMoving averages are used as a strong indicator for technical stock analysis and it helps investors in figuring out where the stock has been and also helps in determining where it may be possibly heading. Now we look at the Moving Averages, the 200-day is 26.41%, the 50-day is -2.29% and the 20-day is -3.98%.EPS Growth AnalysisThe company’s diluted EPS for trailing twelve months was 2.98.EPS Estimate for the next year is 6.61.EPS Estimate for the next Quarter is 1.04.EPS Growth this year is -39.1 percent.Earnings and Sales GrowthEPS growth for the next 5 years is 4.88 percent.Annual EPS growth Past 5 years is 58.9 percent.Annual Sales Growth in the past 5 years was 51.2 percent.Quarterly Revenue Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 56.1 percent.Quarterly Earnings Growth on year-over-year basis stands at 92.2 percent.Investment Valuation RatiosThe company P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 57.19 and Forward P/E ratio is 25.78. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 16.42, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 9.59, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 18.97.Volatility AnalysisIf we look at the Volatility of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA), Week Volatility is 2.23%, whereas Month Volatility is at 1.96%.Technical IndicatorsAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA)’s RSI (Relative strength index) is at 41.44, its ATR (Average True Range) value is 3.83, while its Beta factor was calculated at 0.Earnings Released DateThe company last reported its quarterly results on Nov 02 BMO.Analysts RecommendationAlibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 1.6.Insider Ownership and TransactionsAlibaba Group Holding Limited’s insider ownership stands at 52.36 percent, while its insider transaction is 0 percent.Institutional Ownership and TransactionsInstitutional ownership refers to the ownership stake in a company that is held by large financial organizations, pension funds or endowments. Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s institutional ownership is 39.7%, while its institutional transactions stand at 0.07%.

https://postanalyst.com/2017/10/27/the-silver-lining-in-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-houghton-mifflin-harcourt-company-hmhc/

Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) popped in on a low volume green day. Volume on 26-Oct-17 came in at 13.36 million contracts. The daily trading volume has averaged 18.04 million shares a day in past 3 months. The first sale was made at $170.62 but later the stock became weaker, and closed with a gain of 0.06%. It was last traded at $170.32 apiece. Alibaba Group Holding Limited is maintained at an average outperform rating by 47 stock analysts, and there are at least 17.13% of shares outstanding that are currently legally short sold. The shares went down by -0.39% in value last month. Year-to-date it jumped 93.96%. Analysts are turning out to be more optimistic than before, with 46 of analysts who cover Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) advice adding it to buy candidate list. Wall Street experts also assign a $196.01 price target on Alibaba Group Holding Limited, pointing towards a 15.08% rally from current levels. The stock is trading for about -7.79% less than its 52-week high. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) remained successful in beating the consensus-estimated $6.22 as it actually earned $7.95 per share in its last reported financial results. Revenue, on the other hand, scored 23.66% growth from the previous quarter, coming up with $47.71 billion.  This company shares (BABA) so far managed to recover 98.02% since collapsing to its 52-week low. Over a month, it has seen its stock price volatility to stay at 2.23% while shortening the period to a week, volatility was 1.96%. The share price has yet to cross its 20 days moving average, floating at a distance of -3.98% and sits -2.29% lower versus its 50 days moving average. When looking at the past five sessions, the stock returned -4.28% losses and is up by 26.41% compared with its 200-day moving average of $148.61. Also, Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) needs to expand a 65.71% increase it experienced over the past twelve months. As regular trading ended, Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company (HMHC) stock brought in a $0.25 rise to $10.4. The day started at a price of $10.2 but then traded as high as $10.45 before giving part of the gains back. As for this week, analysts appear content to stick with their neutral outlook with the consensus call at 2.3. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company is given 2 buy-equivalent recommendations, 0 sells and 4 holds. The company shares sank -25.45% from their peak of $ 13.95 and now has a $1.28 billion market value of equity. HMHC’s mean recommendation on Reuter’s scale presents no change from 2.33 thirty days ago to 2.33 now, which indicates a hold consensus from the analyst community. They see Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company (HMHC) price hitting a mean target of $13.79 a share, meaning the stock still has potential that could lift the price another 32.6% Also, the recent close suggests the stock is underpriced by 63.46% compared to the most bullish target. The company had seen its current volume reaching at 1.2 million shares in the last trade. That compares with the recent volume average of 0.96 million. At the close of regular trading, its last week’s stock price volatility was 3.07% which for the month reaches 3.68%. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Company dipped to as low as $10 throughout the day and has returned -4.15% in this year. At one point in the past year, the shares traded as low as $9.15 but has recovered 13.66% since then.

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/

Everything happens fast nowadays. The curve steepens and shortens especially in the tech world. It’s hard to believe that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) has only been up and running for 18 years. During that time Chairman, Jack Ma, has built one of the most formidable global ecommerce companies that is closing in on a half billion dollar market valuation.Being a homegrown mainland Chinese company, BABA has been able to navigate the waters there much more adroitly and profitably that foreign companies. And then, leveraging its scale and suppliers, the company continues to expand its reach in all directions.It listed on the New York Stock Exchange just three years ago facing many naysayers and China bears. BABA has clearly proved them wrong. Since its public listing the stock has delivered returns of 86%. Most of the performance has been in part due to the overall buoyant investor sentiment toward tech companies this year, but during the past few years, BABA has proven that it is a true competitor across multiple industries.But the past is the past, and at the 18th anniversary employee gathering, the focus was all about the future. Ma stated that, “…compared to the future, we have only just come of age. The future holds endless possibilities and imagination for Alibaba…”With a nod towards giving back and doing good for the broader economic community, Ma further emphasized:“Over the past three years we delivered on short-term financial goals, but our true purpose lies in harnessing the power of technology and innovation to make the world economy more inclusive and more healthy toward sustainable development.”Ma’s words may be sound altruistic, but they are built on the success of the company’s underlying enterprise. Taobao Marketplace, Tmall, Juhuasuan (flash sales), and 1688.com all fall under the Alibaba banner. From retail to wholesale to mobile to online, BABA’s presence is felt everywhere.New Retail and New Finance are particularly interesting given what BABA can leverage from its 18 years of deep operational experience. These also happen to be industries ripe for disruption, and BABA is well positioned to be that disruptor.Next PageArticle printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/baba-stock-golden-future/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

http://www.arabnews.com/node/1184266/business-economy

View the discussion thread.

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/top-end-measures-for-sales-growth-make-alibaba-group-holding-baba-a-strong-buy/

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) is a component of the 133 company Internet Software & Services GICS industry group, which is part of the 705 company GICS Information Technology sector. The market value of BABA is $448.5 billion which falls in the top decile in its industry group. The stock's current Portfolio Grader score places it 2 among the 133 companies in this industry group, positioning it among the leaders; among the sector leaders with a ranking of 6 among the 705 companies in the sector, and number 8 in the nearly 5,000 company Portfolio Grader universe.BABA is rated as a Strong Buy using Louis Navellier's investing methodology and his Portfolio Grader stock evaluator.  The current Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has been in place for 5 months.The Information Technology sector is ranked number 6 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it in the third quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 24 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it near the average in terms of the Navellier scoring system.Alibaba Group Holding has realized above-average scores in 7 of the 8 fundamental areas appraised by Portfolio Grader in the ranking of company stocks.BABA's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are discernibly above average.  Scores for visibility of earnings are superior with a ranking for earnings revisions, earnings surprises and earnings momentum that are much better than average. BABA's ranking for return on equity is markedly better than its industry group average but its grade for cash flow is below-average.  Alibaba Group Holding's fundamental scores give BABA a place in the top decile of the industry group. Portfolio Grader quantitatively gauges BABA's shares using the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score. This metric looks at BABA's shares from the angle of risk/reward. This unique scoring methodology takes into account the relative value of BABA's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, the company currently scores well above-average in its industry group compared to its peers.Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here.Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies.Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/top-end-measures-for-sales-growth-make-alibaba-group-holding-baba-a-strong-buy/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://investorplace.com/2017/10/one-thing-to-understand-about-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-its-a-buy-now/

Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) have been on fire so far this year, up a ridiculous 97%. However, I feel that BABA stock could have even more upside and at the very least, are setting up for a very low-risk, high-reward buy. Let’s take a look, shall we?Alibaba now has a market cap of almost $446 billion, ballooning 185% in the last 20 months. Back when the Chinese e-commerce giant first went public, I didn’t know exactly what it did. People would say, “it’s like Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), but not exactly”. Okay… so what does that mean?BABA has all sorts of business arms, from its own sites — Alibaba.com and Tmall.com — along with platforms and notable stakes in other companies. Sure, Alibaba is exposed to all sorts of e-commerce, but then there’s online video, social media, cloud computing and peer-to-peer financial platforms. It would be like mixing bits of Amazon, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Twitter Inc (NASDAQ:TWTR) all into one. And even then, one would still say “sort of” afterwards.Combined with the fact that it’s based in China and not well known in the U.S. makes it difficult for American investors to truly understand Alibaba. BABA’s structure doesn’t make it any easier. Because the Chinese government isn’t too flexible on what assets foreign investors can own, Alibaba was forced to set up a complicated structure involving a holding company based in the Cayman Islands.Long story short, this arrangement — or variable interest entity (VIE) — makes life quite complicated should a challenging legal situation arise. Because of this structure (and we literally only scratched the surface), it’s very, very tough to know what BABA stock ownership gives investors a stake in, what Alibaba owns and what founder/CEO Jack Ma owns. Trying to determine Alibaba employees, revenue and liabilities becomes even more complicated.This difficulty to understand what’s what is one reason I avoided BABA stock two years ago. I wouldn’t say investors should avoid BABA for that reason alone, but recognize that it’s not a standard setup going into it.While its legal setup may not be easy to understand, we can wrap our heads around growth. BABA stock may seem astronomically expensive, trading at almost 60 times trailing earnings. However, its 26 times forward earnings multiple is much more reasonable. While some investors may still find that figure troubling, consider Alibaba’s growth. Analysts expect the company to grow earnings almost 40% this year and another 34% next year. That goes along with an almost 50% sales increase this year and a 34% jump in 2018.Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) is a close comparison and it trades at 26.5 times forward earnings estimates. For comparison purposes, FB is expected to grow earnings 26% and 22% in 2017 and 2018, respectively, and sales 42% and 30% during the same periods. One could argue that BABA stock should trade a premium to FB shares given the former’s far superior growth.Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/10/one-thing-to-understand-about-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-its-a-buy-now/.©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC

https://simplywall.st/news/2017/10/24/should-you-be-tempted-to-sell-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-because-of-its-pe-ratio/

 Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) is currently trading at a trailing P/E of 58x, which is higher than the industry average of 40.4x. Although some investors may jump to the conclusion that you should avoid the stock or sell if you own it, understanding the assumptions behind the P/E ratio might change your mind. Today, I will explain what the P/E ratio is as well as what you should look out for when using it. View our latest analysis for Alibaba Group Holding  The P/E ratio is a popular ratio used in relative valuation since earnings power is a key driver of investment value. By comparing a stock’s price per share to its earnings per share, we are able to see how much investors are paying for each dollar of the company’s earnings. FormulaPrice-Earnings Ratio = Price per share ÷ Earnings per shareP/E Calculation for BABA Price per share = 177.32 Earnings per share = 20.238 ∴ Price-Earnings Ratio = 177.32 ÷ 20.238 = 58x  Price per share = 177.32 Earnings per share = 20.238 ∴ Price-Earnings Ratio = 177.32 ÷ 20.238 = 58x Price per share = 177.32Earnings per share = 20.238∴ Price-Earnings Ratio = 177.32 ÷ 20.238 = 58x The P/E ratio itself doesn’t tell you a lot; however, it becomes very insightful when you compare it with other similar companies. We preferably want to compare the stock’s P/E ratio to the average of companies that have similar features to BABA, such as capital structure and profitability. A common peer group is companies that exist in the same industry, which is what I use below. Since similar companies should technically have similar P/E ratios, we can very quickly come to some conclusions about the stock if the ratios differ. Since BABA’s P/E of 58x is higher than its industry peers (40.4x), it means that investors are paying more than they should for each dollar of BABA’s earnings. Therefore, according to this analysis, BABA is an over-priced stock.  While our conclusion might prompt you to sell your BABA shares immediately, there are two important assumptions you should be aware of. The first is that our peer group actually contains companies that are similar to BABA. If this isn’t the case, the difference in P/E could be due to some other factors. For example, if you accidentally compared lower growth firms with BABA, then BABA’s P/E would naturally be higher since investors would reward BABA’s higher growth with a higher price. Alternatively, if you inadvertently compared riskier firms with BABA, BABA’s P/E would again be higher since investors would reward BABA’s lower risk with a higher price as well. The second assumption that must hold true is that the stocks we are comparing BABA to are fairly valued by the market. If this does not hold, there is a possibility that BABA’s P/E is higher because firms in our peer group are being undervalued by the market.  Are you a shareholder? If your personal research into the stock confirms what the P/E ratio is telling you, it might be a good time to rebalance your portfolio and reduce your holdings in BABA. But keep in mind that the usefulness of relative valuation depends on whether you are comfortable with making the assumptions I mentioned above.  Are you a potential investor? If you are considering investing in BABA, basing your decision on the PE metric at one point in time is certainly not sufficient. I recommend you do additional analysis by looking at its intrinsic valuation and using other relative valuation ratios like PEG or EV/EBITDA.  PE is one aspect of your portfolio construction to consider when holding or entering into a stock. But it is certainly not the only factor. Take a look at our most recent infographic report on Alibaba Group Holding for a more in-depth analysis of the stock to help you make a well-informed investment decision. Since we know a limitation of PE is it doesn’t properly account for growth, you can use our free platform to see my list of stocks with a high growth potential and see if their PE is still reasonable. 

