http://wind.energy-business-review.com/news/ge-green-investment-group-partner-on-650mw-swedish-wind-farm-081117-5967088

GE is partnering with Macquarie Group’s Green Investment Group to deliver and operate a 650MW onshore wind farm in Northern Sweden named as Markbygden ETT. The project, located outside of the city of Pitea, in Markbygden, has been acquired by GE Energy Financial Services and Green Investment Group from Swedish wind developer Svevind. GE and Green Investment Group have injected over €300M to fund the wind farm.GE Renewable Energy will deliver 179 turbines for the wind farms from its 3.6MW range. With a rotor diameter of 137m, GE says that the turbines are well suited for the wind speeds and climate faced by the Markbygden ETT project.The partners have raised nearly €800M in funding and have broken ground on the onshore wind project. Commissioning of the turbines is slated to take place in the second half of 2018 while the wind farm is anticipated to be fully operational by 2017 end.Green Investment Group Europe head Edward Northam said: “This project is a landmark transaction on many fronts and represents the new frontier in European onshore wind.“It demonstrates that in the right market, with the right location, the right technology and the right partners, it is possible to develop and attract private capital into new onshore wind farms."GE is providing a full service agreement for 20 years for the wind project. Its grid solutions business, on the other hand, will supply the high voltage switchgear for two collector substations at the Swedish wind farm.GE and Green Investment Group have also reached a 19-year fixed volume power purchase agreement (PPA) with a subsidiary of aluminum producer Norsk Hydro for the wind farm.Markbygden ETT is the third stage of Phase 1 of the Markbygden wind project.A series of interconnected wind farms, the Markbygden project has been developed by Svevind over a period of 15 years. It is eventually expected to have a total of 1,101 wind turbines, and once operational could well be the largest wind farm collection in Europe.Svevind CEO Wolfgang Kropp said: “We are pleased to see the success of our hard work demonstrated by the attention the Markbygden ETT project has attracted from world class institutions such as these.“We look forward to seeing this project, and future projects around Markbygden, constructed and contributing to the much-needed fight against climate change."Image: GE’s 3.6MW onshore wind turbine. Photo: courtesy of General Electric. The project, located outside of the city of Pitea, in Markbygden, has been acquired by GE Energy Financial Services and Green Investment Group from Swedish wind developer Svevind. GE and Green Investment Group have injected over €300M to fund the wind farm. GE Renewable Energy will deliver 179 turbines for the wind farms from its 3.6MW range. With a rotor diameter of 137m, GE says that the turbines are well suited for the wind speeds and climate faced by the Markbygden ETT project. The partners have raised nearly €800M in funding and have broken ground on the onshore wind project. Commissioning of the turbines is slated to take place in the second half of 2018 while the wind farm is anticipated to be fully operational by 2017 end. Green Investment Group Europe head Edward Northam said: “This project is a landmark transaction on many fronts and represents the new frontier in European onshore wind. “It demonstrates that in the right market, with the right location, the right technology and the right partners, it is possible to develop and attract private capital into new onshore wind farms." GE is providing a full service agreement for 20 years for the wind project. Its grid solutions business, on the other hand, will supply the high voltage switchgear for two collector substations at the Swedish wind farm. GE and Green Investment Group have also reached a 19-year fixed volume power purchase agreement (PPA) with a subsidiary of aluminum producer Norsk Hydro for the wind farm. Markbygden ETT is the third stage of Phase 1 of the Markbygden wind project. A series of interconnected wind farms, the Markbygden project has been developed by Svevind over a period of 15 years. It is eventually expected to have a total of 1,101 wind turbines, and once operational could well be the largest wind farm collection in Europe. Svevind CEO Wolfgang Kropp said: “We are pleased to see the success of our hard work demonstrated by the attention the Markbygden ETT project has attracted from world class institutions such as these. “We look forward to seeing this project, and future projects around Markbygden, constructed and contributing to the much-needed fight against climate change." Image: GE’s 3.6MW onshore wind turbine. Photo: courtesy of General Electric. 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3309555-norsk-hydro-secure-wind-energy-new-ge-macquarie-project

European aluminum producer Norsk Hydro (OTCQX:NHYDY, OTCQX:NHYKF) says it will buy most of the electricity from an €800M wind farm in Sweden, in an example of the rising importance of industrial energy users in driving uptake of renewable power. Norsk Hydro will buy a fixed volume of electricity for 19 years from the 650 MW Markbygden wind farm, which will increase Swedish wind power capacity by more than 12%. Australian bank Macquarie, which is financing the project with GE, says the deal is the biggest of its kind with a corporate energy consumer for wind power. Power purchase agreements by large companies are well established in the U.S., where tech firms including Apple and Google have been prominent in underwriting development of wind and solar projects, but the Norsk Hydro deal shows how the trend also is rising in Europe. Now read: GE: Is Now A Good Time To Buy? » 

http://wind.cleantechnology-business-review.com/news/gig-partners-with-ge-to-construct-650mw-onshore-wind-farm-in-sweden-081117-5967358

Macquarie Group’s Green Investment Group and GE have partnered to deliver and operate the 650MW Markbygden ETT wind farm to be located in Northern Sweden. The companies have raised about €800m in financing for the construction of the wind farm.While the construction of the wind farm has already commenced, the commissioning of the turbines is scheduled to begin in the second half of next year.The wind farm, which will increase the total installed wind capacity of Sweden by 12.5%, is expected to become fully operational by the end of 2019.The project will include 179 of GE’s 3.6MW turbines, each with 137m rotors. These turbines are claimed to be ideally suited for the wind conditions and climate in the region.To ensure a stable level of availability and reduced downtime, the turbine blades will be equipped with ice mitigation system supplied by LM Wind Power.Green Investment Group Europe head Edward Northam said: “This project is a landmark transaction on many fronts and represents the new frontier in European onshore wind. It demonstrates that in the right market, with the right location, the right technology and the right partners, it is possible to develop and attract private capital into new onshore wind farms.”As part of the supply deal, GE will offer service for 20 years and will supply high voltage switchgear for two collector substations at the wind farm.The project was acquired by GE Energy Financial Services and Green Investment Group from Svevind. Green Investment Group and GE have also entered into a 19-year fixed volume power purchase agreement (PPA) with a subsidiary of Norsk Hydro to supply the power generated from the wind farm.GE Onshore Wind Business president & CEO Pete McCabe said: “We are excited to have been chosen by Svevind to contribute to this massive project. Markbygden ETT marks our commitment to the Swedish onshore wind arena and extends our presence in Europe while showcasing our technical capabilities – with LM Wind Power – and project development and management differentiators.”Image: GIG and GE to construct 650MW wind farm in Sweden. Photo: Courtesy of Green Investment Group. The companies have raised about €800m in financing for the construction of the wind farm. While the construction of the wind farm has already commenced, the commissioning of the turbines is scheduled to begin in the second half of next year. The wind farm, which will increase the total installed wind capacity of Sweden by 12.5%, is expected to become fully operational by the end of 2019. The project will include 179 of GE’s 3.6MW turbines, each with 137m rotors. These turbines are claimed to be ideally suited for the wind conditions and climate in the region. To ensure a stable level of availability and reduced downtime, the turbine blades will be equipped with ice mitigation system supplied by LM Wind Power. Green Investment Group Europe head Edward Northam said: “This project is a landmark transaction on many fronts and represents the new frontier in European onshore wind. It demonstrates that in the right market, with the right location, the right technology and the right partners, it is possible to develop and attract private capital into new onshore wind farms.” As part of the supply deal, GE will offer service for 20 years and will supply high voltage switchgear for two collector substations at the wind farm. The project was acquired by GE Energy Financial Services and Green Investment Group from Svevind.  Green Investment Group and GE have also entered into a 19-year fixed volume power purchase agreement (PPA) with a subsidiary of Norsk Hydro to supply the power generated from the wind farm. GE Onshore Wind Business president & CEO Pete McCabe said: “We are excited to have been chosen by Svevind to contribute to this massive project. Markbygden ETT marks our commitment to the Swedish onshore wind arena and extends our presence in Europe while showcasing our technical capabilities – with LM Wind Power – and project development and management differentiators.” Image: GIG and GE to construct 650MW wind farm in Sweden. Photo: Courtesy of Green Investment Group. 

http://www.chron.com/business/energy/article/GE-s-Baker-Hughes-launching-3B-share-buyback-12335397.php

Jordan Blum, Houston Chronicle Caption Close New Baker Hughes a GE company CEO Lorenzo Simonelli speaks during a meeting at the company's office in north Houston, Wednesday, July 5, 2017. New Baker Hughes a GE company CEO Lorenzo Simonelli speaks during a meeting at the company's office in north Houston, Wednesday, July 5, 2017. The newly merged Baker Hughes is launching a $3 billion share buyback program after joining the General Electric family of companies. The massive buyback program follows in the footsteps of many energy carrying more conservative spending plans into 2018 as rising U.S. oil prices still hover below $60 a barrel. The Baker Hughes plan allows it to invest in itself while driving up shareholder value. Baker Hughes stock jumped by more than 7 percent Monday after the news came out, up to nearly $33.50 a share. Baker Hughes is in solid financial shape, but its stock hadn't performed well since its merger with GE's oil and gas division. The company now trades under the "BHGE" stock ticker. The repurchase represents about 8 percent of Baker Hughes' outstanding shares.  "We are pleased that BHGE's strong balance sheet enables us to not only return value to shareholders through our regular quarterly dividend and share repurchases, but also invest in opportunities that will strengthen our fullstream portfolio and drive long-term growth," said Lorenzo Simonelli, Baker Hughes chairman and CEO. Monday's announcement is an important step toward returning value to shareholders after Baker Hughes' recent weak stock performance that has declined in tandem with the GE parent company, said James West, an energy analyst at investment bank Evercore ISI in New York. Get Unlimited Digital Access to Houston’s Enterprise Business News Activate for access to HoustonChronicle.com today! 

http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171106005517/en/Baker-Hughes-GE-company-Announces-3-Billion

HOUSTON & LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE) ("BHGE" or the "Company") today 
      announced that its Board of Directors has authorized Baker Hughes, a GE 
      company, LLC (“BHGE LLC”) to repurchase up to $3 billion of its common 
      units from BHGE and GE. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale 
      of its BHGE LLC common units to repurchase its Class A shares. In 
      addition, the Company also announced its intention for BHGE LLC to issue 
      new debt.
      
      “Today’s announcement represents an important step in our plan to 
      optimize BHGE’s capital structure. We believe the buyback is an 
      attractive use of cash given the value of our franchise and the highly 
      accretive nature of this program,” said Lorenzo Simonelli, BHGE Chairman 
      and Chief Executive Officer.
     
      “At the current share price, this repurchase represents approximately 
      eight percent of the Company's outstanding shares. We are pleased that 
      BHGE’s strong balance sheet enables us to not only return value to 
      shareholders through our regular quarterly dividend and share 
      repurchases, but also invest in opportunities that will strengthen our 
      fullstream portfolio and drive long-term growth."
     
      BHGE and BHGE LLC have also entered into an agreement with GE whereby 
      BHGE LLC will repurchase its common units from GE on a pro rata basis 
      and on the same terms as it repurchases common units from BHGE. The 
      proceeds distributed to BHGE will be used to repurchase Class A shares 
      on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The 
      repurchases will not materially change BHGE and GE’s relative economic 
      interests in BHGE LLC or BHGE’s Class A and Class B stockholders’ 
      relative voting interest.
     
      BHGE may from time to time enter into one or more 10b5-1 plans to effect 
      the repurchase of its Class A shares. The repurchase program may be 
      suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified 
      expiration date.
     
Forward-Looking Statements
 
      This news release (and oral statements made regarding the subjects of 
      this release) may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning 
      of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 
      21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (each a 
      “forward-looking statement”). The words “anticipate,” “believe,” 
      “ensure,” “expect,” “if,” “intend,” “estimate,” “project,” “foresee,” 
      “forecasts,” “predict,” “outlook,” “aim,” “will,” “could,” “should,” 
      “potential,” “would,” “may,” “probable,” “likely,” and similar 
      expressions, and the negative thereof, are intended to identify 
      forward-looking statements. There are many risks and uncertainties that 
      could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking 
      statements. These forward-looking statements are also affected by the 
      risk factors described in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 
      S-4 (File No. 333-216991), filed by the Company with the SEC and 
      declared effective on May 30, 2017; the Company’s subsequent quarterly 
      reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended June 30, 2017 and 
      September 30, 2017; and those set forth from time to time in other 
      filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The 
      documents are available through the Company’s website at: www.investors.bhge.com 
      or through the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval 
      (“EDGAR”) system at: www.sec.gov.
     
      Statements in this press release regarding share repurchases and debt 
      issuances that are forward-looking are based on management’s estimates, 
      assumptions and projections, and are subject to significant 
      uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
      Important risk factors could cause future events to differ materially 
      from those currently estimated by management, including, but not limited 
      to the following:
     
      No assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the 
      forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do 
      occur, what impact they will have on our results of operations, 
      financial condition or cash flows. We undertake no obligation to 
      publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement.
     
      About Baker Hughes, a GE company
     
      Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE) is the world’s first and only 
      fullstream provider of integrated oilfield products, services and 
      digital solutions. We deploy minds and machines to enhance customer 
      productivity, safety and environmental stewardship, while minimizing 
      costs and risks at every step of the energy value chain. With operations 
      in over 120 countries, we infuse over a century of experience with the 
      spirit of a startup – inventing smarter ways to bring energy to the 
      world.
     
 
      Baker Hughes, a GE companyMedia Relations:Stephanie 
      Cathcart, +1 202-549-6462stephanie.cathcart@bhge.comorMelanie 
      Kania, +1 713-439-8303melanie.kania@bhge.comorInvestor 
      Relations:Philipp Mueller, +1 281-809-9088investor.relations@bhge.com
 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/08/baker-hughes-a-ge-company-class-a-bhge-pt-lowered-to-53-00-at-morgan-stanley.html


					Posted by Jennifer Salazar on Nov 8th, 2017 // No Comments  Morgan Stanley set a $53.00 target price on Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A (NASDAQ:BHGE)  in a research note issued to investors on Monday, October 23rd. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other research firms also recently weighed in on BHGE. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  reissued a sell rating and set a $37.00 target price on shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A in a research report on Tuesday, July 18th. J P Morgan Chase & Co reduced their target price on shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A from $32.00 to $30.00 and set a neutral rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, September 21st. HSBC Holdings plc started coverage on shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A in a research note on Thursday, July 13th. They set a buy rating and a $48.00 price target on the stock. FBR & Co started coverage on shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A in a research note on Monday, July 17th. They set a market perform rating and a $42.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Cowen and Company  restated a buy rating and set a $55.00 price target on shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A  has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $40.74. Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A (BHGE) traded down $0.52 during trading on Monday, hitting $33.40. 4,435,277 shares of the stock were exchanged, compared to its average volume of 3,710,000. Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A has a 1 year low of $29.62 and a 1 year high of $40.82.  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A (NASDAQ:BHGE) last released its earnings results on Friday, October 20th. The company reported $0.05 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by ($0.07). The firm had revenue of $5.38 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.52 billion. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 77.7% compared to the same quarter last year.  The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, November 22nd. Shareholders of record on Monday, November 6th will be paid a $0.18 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, November 3rd. This is a boost from Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. This represents a $0.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.16%.  In other news, insider Matthias L. Heilmann bought 1,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, October 26th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $30.04 per share, for a total transaction of $45,060.00. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 3,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $105,140. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Lorenzo Simonelli bought 6,100 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, August 18th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $32.99 per share, for a total transaction of $201,239.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 9,139 shares in the company, valued at $301,495.61. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here.  A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the business. First Bank & Trust purchased a new stake in  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A in the 3rd quarter worth approximately $101,000.  Trust Co. of Vermont purchased a new stake in shares of  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A during the 3rd quarter valued at $105,000.  Carroll Financial Associates Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A during the 3rd quarter valued at $136,000.  Advisor Group Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A during the 3rd quarter valued at $140,000.  Finally, M&R Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A during the 2nd quarter valued at $141,000.     Receive News & Ratings for Baker Hughes a GE company Class A Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baker Hughes a GE company Class A and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-07/ge-s-plight-starts-a-blame-game

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 As the reality of General Electric Co.&apos;s plight sets in, the blame game is starting. And there&apos;s plenty to go around.  This time last year, GE was a $260 billion industrial titan emerging from a major streamlining effort with high hopes of becoming a top 10 software maker. Now, it&apos;s a $175 billion cautionary tale of bad management grappling with a draconian drop in earnings expectations. And that&apos;s just what we know at this point. There&apos;s speculation GE&apos;s cash crunch could force a dividend cut as early as this week, and new CEO John Flannery will present his plan for reshaping the company&apos;s sprawling portfolio on Nov. 13. There&apos;s even (as of now, unfounded) speculation that GE misled investors and regulators as to its financial well-being.    GE got a pass from too many people for too long because, well, it&apos;s GE -- a beacon of American industry and operational excellence that traces its roots to Thomas Edison. That time has ended. Someone has to answer for GE&apos;s downward spiral, starting here:  Management: GE&apos;s former CEO Jeff Immelt has received the brunt of criticism, and he deserves it. Immelt spent grandly on energy and power deals just as those markets slipped into a decline that&apos;s largely responsible for GE&apos;s recent earnings struggles and cash shortfall.  But he wasn&apos;t a one-man show. Steve Bolze, former head of GE&apos;s power unit and once a top contender to succeed Immelt, didn&apos;t respond quickly enough to weakening demand. And former CFO Jeff Bornstein could be just as much a cheerleader as Immelt on overly optimistic forecasts -- and he was the numbers guy. Bornstein took public responsibility, noting on GE&apos;s recent earnings call that "the buck stops with me." Given that he was on his way out at the time, it&apos;s to his credit that he showed up at all, and it&apos;s a lot more than we&apos;ve heard from Immelt. But this falling-on-the-sword rhetoric will only go so far with investors. Depending on how bad things get, they may seek clawbacks of hefty pay packages.  The Board: GE&apos;s fall from grace has exposed a deeper oversight crisis, starting with the company&apos;s practice of having an empty private jet tail Immelt. GE was under pressure to cut billions in costs, but the board and Immelt were reportedly unaware of the second plane. At best, this drama is an embarrassing sideshow. At worst, it should spark concern about what else the upper ranks of GE didn&apos;t question thoroughly. For example, why did Beth Comstock, head of GE&apos;s Business Innovations unit, receive the same 2016 special retention grant as fellow vice chair and head of GE&apos;s crown-jewel aviation unit David Joyce?  Why did GE need vice chairs at all? There were 17 external advisors on GE&apos;s board. In its most recent proxy statement, GE said its larger-than-average board was necessary, given the diversity and complexity of its business. The extra sets of eyes don&apos;t seem to have helped much. Trian Fund Management: The activist fund run by Nelson Peltz first disclosed a stake in GE in October 2015. At the time, it sought to add credibility to Immelt&apos;s transformation strategy and encourage more cost cuts and even greater return of cash to shareholders. Trian seemed to grow increasingly frustrated with GE, and founding partner Ed Garden was just added to the board. But it&apos;s worth wondering if Trian&apos;s initial endorsement helped shield some of GE&apos;s challenges and whether it could have been more aggressive, sooner. In March, Trian brokered a deal that tied GE executives&apos; bonuses more directly to operating profit and cost-cutting goals. I commented at the time that the agreement was cold comfort because it assigned penalties only if GE fell short of both targets. GE has already exceeded its cost-cutting goal for 2017, but is nowhere near the profit benchmark. And that means nothing happens to the bonuses, at least as far as this agreement is concerned.   Equity Analysts -- While the outlook for GE&apos;s businesses has gotten materially worse, the majority of analysts are still upbeat on the stock. There&apos;s logic to this: the further GE falls, the closer (in theory) the stock gets to a bottom from which it can recover. But there also needs to be some soul-searching among these bullish analysts as to how they underestimated GE&apos;s shortcomings. A number of them have since downgraded the stock or lowered their price targets, and there&apos;s no shame in that. Some of us columnists could have been harder on the company, too. But it creates a bit of whiplash when you simultaneously reiterate a $35 price target -- a nearly 75 percent premium to Monday&apos;s closing price -- and speculate SEC investigations are nigh, as Melius Research&apos;s Scott Davis did last week. Who&apos;s to blame for GE&apos;s dire straits? It takes a village, I guess. We&apos;ll find out just how dire things are later this month. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 GE vehemently denied that there were any accounting improprieties at the company after Melius Research&apos;s Scott Davis suggested the company&apos;s accounting, auditor and past senior management would draw scrutiny and potentially spark regulatory and criminal investigations.  GE Business Innovations encompassed its lighting, venture capital and sales, marketing and communications operations.  GE sets bonuses based on a mix of financial and strategic goals for each year, so there will likely be some kind of impact from its latest disappointments. But there likely will be no extra penalty from the Trian deal.  To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-07/ge-s-plight-starts-a-blame-game

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 As the reality of General Electric Co.&apos;s plight sets in, the blame game is starting. And there&apos;s plenty to go around.  This time last year, GE was a $260 billion industrial titan emerging from a major streamlining effort with high hopes of becoming a top 10 software maker. Now, it&apos;s a $175 billion cautionary tale of bad management grappling with a draconian drop in earnings expectations. And that&apos;s just what we know at this point. There&apos;s speculation GE&apos;s cash crunch could force a dividend cut as early as this week, and new CEO John Flannery will present his plan for reshaping the company&apos;s sprawling portfolio on Nov. 13. There&apos;s even (as of now, unfounded) speculation that GE misled investors and regulators as to its financial well-being.    GE got a pass from too many people for too long because, well, it&apos;s GE -- a beacon of American industry and operational excellence that traces its roots to Thomas Edison. That time has ended. Someone has to answer for GE&apos;s downward spiral, starting here:  Management: GE&apos;s former CEO Jeff Immelt has received the brunt of criticism, and he deserves it. Immelt spent grandly on energy and power deals just as those markets slipped into a decline that&apos;s largely responsible for GE&apos;s recent earnings struggles and cash shortfall.  But he wasn&apos;t a one-man show. Steve Bolze, former head of GE&apos;s power unit and once a top contender to succeed Immelt, didn&apos;t respond quickly enough to weakening demand. And former CFO Jeff Bornstein could be just as much a cheerleader as Immelt on overly optimistic forecasts -- and he was the numbers guy. Bornstein took public responsibility, noting on GE&apos;s recent earnings call that "the buck stops with me." Given that he was on his way out at the time, it&apos;s to his credit that he showed up at all, and it&apos;s a lot more than we&apos;ve heard from Immelt. But this falling-on-the-sword rhetoric will only go so far with investors. Depending on how bad things get, they may seek clawbacks of hefty pay packages.  The Board: GE&apos;s fall from grace has exposed a deeper oversight crisis, starting with the company&apos;s practice of having an empty private jet tail Immelt. GE was under pressure to cut billions in costs, but the board and Immelt were reportedly unaware of the second plane. At best, this drama is an embarrassing sideshow. At worst, it should spark concern about what else the upper ranks of GE didn&apos;t question thoroughly. For example, why did Beth Comstock, head of GE&apos;s Business Innovations unit, receive the same 2016 special retention grant as fellow vice chair and head of GE&apos;s crown-jewel aviation unit David Joyce?  Why did GE need vice chairs at all? There were 17 external advisors on GE&apos;s board. In its most recent proxy statement, GE said its larger-than-average board was necessary, given the diversity and complexity of its business. The extra sets of eyes don&apos;t seem to have helped much. Trian Fund Management: The activist fund run by Nelson Peltz first disclosed a stake in GE in October 2015. At the time, it sought to add credibility to Immelt&apos;s transformation strategy and encourage more cost cuts and even greater return of cash to shareholders. Trian seemed to grow increasingly frustrated with GE, and founding partner Ed Garden was just added to the board. But it&apos;s worth wondering if Trian&apos;s initial endorsement helped shield some of GE&apos;s challenges and whether it could have been more aggressive, sooner. In March, Trian brokered a deal that tied GE executives&apos; bonuses more directly to operating profit and cost-cutting goals. I commented at the time that the agreement was cold comfort because it assigned penalties only if GE fell short of both targets. GE has already exceeded its cost-cutting goal for 2017, but is nowhere near the profit benchmark. And that means nothing happens to the bonuses, at least as far as this agreement is concerned.   Equity Analysts -- While the outlook for GE&apos;s businesses has gotten materially worse, the majority of analysts are still upbeat on the stock. There&apos;s logic to this: the further GE falls, the closer (in theory) the stock gets to a bottom from which it can recover. But there also needs to be some soul-searching among these bullish analysts as to how they underestimated GE&apos;s shortcomings. A number of them have since downgraded the stock or lowered their price targets, and there&apos;s no shame in that. Some of us columnists could have been harder on the company, too. But it creates a bit of whiplash when you simultaneously reiterate a $35 price target -- a nearly 75 percent premium to Monday&apos;s closing price -- and speculate SEC investigations are nigh, as Melius Research&apos;s Scott Davis did last week. Who&apos;s to blame for GE&apos;s dire straits? It takes a village, I guess. We&apos;ll find out just how dire things are later this month. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 GE vehemently denied that there were any accounting improprieties at the company after Melius Research&apos;s Scott Davis suggested the company&apos;s accounting, auditor and past senior management would draw scrutiny and potentially spark regulatory and criminal investigations.  GE Business Innovations encompassed its lighting, venture capital and sales, marketing and communications operations.  GE sets bonuses based on a mix of financial and strategic goals for each year, so there will likely be some kind of impact from its latest disappointments. But there likely will be no extra penalty from the Trian deal.  To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exclusive-general-electric-mulls-options-204821584.html

By Anshuman Daga and Greg Roumeliotis (Reuters) - General Electric Co (GE.N) is exploring options for its aircraft leasing operations, including the sale of all or part of the business, as Chief Executive John Flannery searches for new divestitures, according to people familiar with the matter. GE is considering options for GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS), the world's second-largest lessor, following expressions of interest from some of its competitors, the sources said on Monday. A spin-off of the business is also a possibility, the sources said, cautioning that GE may decide to keep the business. The sources asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential. GE declined to comment. GECAS has a fleet of 1,339 planes worth an estimated $25 billion, ranking behind only U.S.-listed AerCap Holdings NV (AER.N), which is estimated to have a portfolio of $30 billion, according to data from consultancy FlightGlobal. Some 40 percent of the airline industry's aircraft are leased to avoid the fixed costs of owning planes. GECAS' clients include Boeing Co (BA.N) and Airbus SE (AIR.PA). Consolidation in the sector has intensified in the last few years, as Asian competitors chip away at the market shares of AerCap and GECAS. Avolon Holdings, the aircraft leasing company owned by China's shipping-and-airline giant HNA Group Co Ltd, has catapulted to become the world's third biggest lessor after acquiring U.S. rival CIT Group Inc's (CIT.N) plane leasing business earlier this year. In June, GECAS struck a partnership with Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec, Canada's second largest pension fund, to create a new company focused on leasing high-tech, fuel-efficient narrow-body aircraft. Flannery has been looking for divestitures to meet his goal of identifying more than $20 billion worth of assets for GE. The company has also been exploring divesting its transportation and healthcare information technology businesses, sources said last month. GE is looking to bounce back after what Flannery last month called horrible results in the third quarter. He has argued that GE's strong businesses are being held back by others that "drain investment and management resources without the prospect for a substantial reward." Flannery is due to update GE shareholders on the company's strategy at an event on Nov. 13.  (Reporting by Anshuman Daga in Singapore and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in New York; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Tom Brown) 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/could-ge-stock-plunge-bottom-17/

Source: Flickr It’s not a good time to be a shareholder in General Electric Company (NYSE:GE). GE stock continues to free-fall and the hope is that it’s putting in some sort of bottom near $20. General Electric stock has failed to hold major support twice now. GE’s earnings report was just too much — it put many shareholders over the edge. Maybe it’s the capitulation we’ve been waiting for, but perhaps there’s more downside left. Put simply, General Electric earnings in mid-October were not pretty. GE beat on revenue estimates, but earnings of just 29 cents per share came in woefully below analysts’ estimates of 49 cents. Further, it cut the full-year guidance range down to $1.05-$1.10 per share, down from a previous $1.60-$1.70 per share. Given that it just reported third-quarter earnings, that tells us how bad its fourth quarter is going to be. Finally, management finally admitted the GE dividend is up for review. We highlighted the dividend worries too many times leading up to its earnings. Management told us over and over that the dividend was a priority. That didn’t mean it was safe and we noted that several times. We pointed to the stressed look of its operating cash flow and free-cash flow as well. And as much as it sounds like some solid back-patting going on, that’s not the case. Trust me, I’ve blown plenty of trades down the line. But the dividend issue should be no surprise to investors because it was so disappointingly apparent. General Electric has an investor meeting on Nov. 13, where we should get an update on its business and what’s going on with the dividend. Should GE maintain its dividend, we’re looking at a near-5% yield. That’s unlikely and several analysts have suggested a roughly 25% to 40% reduction. JPMorgan analyst Stephen Tusa has been very consistent in staying ahead of the GE stock decline. He cut his price target ahead of earnings to $20 and again after, now down to $17. Tusa lowered his target on the assumption of lower Power profits and “higher accounting-change headwinds.” The latter seems likely given the complicated web GE has woven. Tusa cut his 2018 earnings per share estimates to $1.05 from $1.15, a nickel below consensus. His 2018 midpoint ($1.10) comes within the current guidance range for fiscal 2017. In fiscal 2019, Tusa is looking for earnings of $1.15 to $1.25. So basically, little to no growth from 2017 to 2018 and slight growth from 2018 to 2019. Now trading at 17.3 times forward earnings and 24 times its trailing earnings, GE stock isn’t exactly cheap. Because estimates keep coming down and its current results are missing the mark, GE stock is remaining expensive. 17 times forward earnings for a stock with no earnings growth over the next 15 months and a dividend that might be on the chopping block? Ouch. It just makes names like Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON), Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) and United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) look even better. Click to Enlarge Next Page  Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/could-ge-stock-plunge-bottom-17/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

