https://investorplace.com/2017/11/avoid-nvda-stock-earnings-until-announcement/

Source: Shutterstock In a recent article on NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), I warned of the dangers of the herd mentality. This mentality will be put to the test when Nvidia reports earnings on Nov. 9. Investors have driven up the NVDA stock price almost 17% in the last month. However, given an increasing price-to-earnings (PE) ratio and new competitive threats, investors should stay away from NVDA stock pending the earnings report tomorrow. Nobody can dispute that NVDA stock has experienced an awakening. Rarely does one see a 12-fold increase in the value of an S&P 500 Index stock in three years. However, NVDA did just that with a run from below $17 in October 2014 to almost $210 today. The advances made in gaming, as well as an entrance into data centers and self-driving vehicles, have put competitors on notice. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD), once bitter rivals themselves, have teamed up to produce a high-performance laptop chip. This chip will combine an Intel core processor with an AMD graphics unit. This alliance serves as tacit proof that NVDA is now the primary rival of both firms. While Nvidia has somewhat diversified away from gaming, it still accounts for about 50% of its revenue. Nvidia also grew its gaming revenue about 50% from the same quarter last year. It’s partly because of this earnings growth that the consensus earnings per share (EPS) forecast for Q3 currently stands at 94 cents per share. NVDA stock has beaten estimates for the last few quarters. Hence, most investors will assume earnings are going to be higher. Still, stock holders are not necessarily impressed by NVDA news of an earnings beat. After announcing Q2 earnings in August, the shares fell 10% in two days, though it bounced back soon after. Now, NVDA stock gained more than 23% in the last three months. The stock followed the same pattern in the previous quarters as well. If history serves as an indicator, it’s reasonable to assume the stock will again sell off on the news. The real question will be what happens afterward? Will the growth pattern of the next three months resume or will it fall? The stock’s appreciation has brought it to a PE ratio just over 60. Next Page  Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/avoid-nvda-stock-earnings-until-announcement/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/07/the-case-for-and-against-nvidia-corporation-nvda-8/

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Semiconductor – Specialized. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $209.63, up from yesterday’s close by 0.45%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis No amount of research is complete without a bird’s eye view of the financial data. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) currently trades with a market capitalization of $124.12 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 56.16 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For NVDA, the company currently has $1.99 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $89 Million current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $1.97 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.94 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 66.18% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis Sometimes, we can understand most about a stock by simply looking at how it has been trading. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, NVIDIA Corporation recorded a 52-week high of $209.97. It is now trading 0.34% off that level. The stock is trading $184.36 its 50-day moving average by -25.27%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $66.57. In recent action, NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) has made a move of +13.08% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 20.95, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 2.56% with $573.18 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of NVDA. 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/07/drilling-down-into-the-books-for-nvidia-corporation-nvda-3/

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is an interesting stock at present. Now trading with a market value of 124.12B, the company has a mix of catalysts and obstacles that spring from the nature of its operations. In light of the many issues surrounding this company, we thought it was a good time to take a close look at the numbers in order to form a realistic perspective on the fundamental picture for this stock. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) Fundamentals That Matter It’s generally a good idea to start with the most fundamental piece of the picture: the balance sheet. The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For NVDA, the company currently has 1.99 billion of cash on the books, which is offset by 89 million in current liabilities. The trend over time is important to note. In this case, the company’s debt has been growing. The company also has 9.4 billion in total assets, balanced by 3.43 billion in total liabilities, which should give you a sense of the viability of the company under any number of imagined business contexts. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) saw 651 million in free cash flow last quarter, representing a quarterly net change in cash of -1 million. Perhaps most importantly where cash movements are concerned, the company saw about 705 million in net operating cash flow. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) Revenue Growth Potential As far as key trends that demonstrate something of the future investment potential of this stock, we need to take a closer look at the top line, first and foremost. Last quarter, the company saw 2.23 billion in total revenues. That represents a quarterly year/year change in revenues of 0.56 in sequential terms, the NVDA saw sales decline by 0.15. But what about the bottom line? After all, that’s what really matters in the end. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is intriguing when broken down to its core data. The cost of selling goods last quarter was 928 million, yielding a gross basic income of 1.3 billion. For shareholders, given the total diluted outstanding shares of 633 million, this means overall earnings per share of 0.92. Note, this compares with a consensus analyst forecast of 0.94 in earnings per share for its next fiscal quarterly report. 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Is NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) Valuation Attractive Looking ahead at valuations, according to the consensus, the next fiscal year is forecast to bring about 3.92 in total earnings per share. If we consider a median price to earnings ratio on the stock, that corresponds with a stock price of 51.28. However, one should always remember: the trends are more important than the forecasts. This continues to be an interesting story, and we look forward to updating it again soon on NVIDIA Corporation. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/08/state-treasurer-state-of-michigan-reduces-holdings-in-nvidia-corporation-nvda.html


					Posted by Jennifer Salazar on Nov 8th, 2017 // No Comments  State Treasurer State of Michigan trimmed its position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) by 6.9% during the 3rd quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 182,092 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock after selling 13,500 shares during the quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan’s holdings in NVIDIA Corporation were worth $32,553,000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Edge Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation in the 1st quarter worth $10,130,000.  Advantus Capital Management Inc increased its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 9.6% in the 1st quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 59,333 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $6,463,000 after purchasing an additional 5,179 shares in the last quarter.  Vivaldi Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation in the 1st quarter worth $547,000.  Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 12.4% in the 1st quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 1,955,368 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $212,998,000 after purchasing an additional 216,351 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Turner Investments LLC increased its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 34.5% in the 1st quarter. Turner Investments LLC now owns 24,210 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $2,637,000 after purchasing an additional 6,210 shares in the last quarter. 65.59% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.  Shares of NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) opened at $212.03 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $127,220.00, a PE ratio of 58.62, a PEG ratio of 5.16 and a beta of 1.23. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.33, a quick ratio of 6.99 and a current ratio of 7.82. NVIDIA Corporation has a one year low of $66.76 and a one year high of $212.90.  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) last released its earnings results on Thursday, August 10th. The computer hardware maker reported $1.01 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.69 by $0.32. The business had revenue of $2.23 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.96 billion. NVIDIA Corporation had a net margin of 27.41% and a return on equity of 39.59%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 56.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.53 earnings per share.  research analysts forecast that  NVIDIA Corporation will post 3.61 EPS for the current fiscal year.  In related news, CFO Colette Kress sold 22,808 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, October 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $185.31, for a total transaction of $4,226,550.48. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, EVP Debora Shoquist sold 33,498 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, October 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $189.24, for a total transaction of $6,339,161.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 452,784 shares of company stock valued at $81,437,724 in the last three months. Corporate insiders own  5.17% of the company’s stock.  Several equities research analysts have recently commented on NVDA shares. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded NVIDIA Corporation to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded NVIDIA Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $169.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. BidaskClub upgraded NVIDIA Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Vetr lowered NVIDIA Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $174.02 price target for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. upgraded NVIDIA Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $155.88 to $177.00 in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned  a hold rating, twenty-four have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $164.69. WARNING: “NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Position Lowered by State Treasurer State of Michigan” was originally  published by The Ledger Gazette and is the property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/08/state-treasurer-state-of-michigan-reduces-holdings-in-nvidia-corporation-nvda.html.  About NVIDIA Corporation Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users.   Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://simplywall.st/news/2017/11/07/how-do-analysts-see-nvidia-corporation-nvda-performing-in-the-year-ahead/

 Based on the latest analyst predictions, NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is estimated to considerably grow its earnings by 55.49% in the upcoming three years. Presently, with an EPS of $4.011, we can expect an upcoming EPS of $6.236. To assess the reasonability of NVDA’s earnings growth per share, we should look at its most recent growth rate delivered. Check out our latest analysis for NVIDIA  For NVDA, there are three important aspects you should further research:  1. Financial Health: Does it have a healthy balance sheet? Take a look at our free balance sheet analysis with six simple checks on key factors like leverage and risk. 2. Valuation: What is NVDA worth today? Is the stock undervalued, even when its growth outlook is factored into its intrinsic value? The intrinsic value infographic in our free research report helps visualize whether NVDA is currently mispriced by the market. 3. Other High-Growth Alternatives : Are there other high-growth stocks you could be holding instead of NVDA? Explore our interactive list of stocks with large growth potential to get an idea of what else is out there you may be missing! 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/07/getting-to-know-the-best-stock-in-todays-market-nvidia-corporation-nvda/


Adam Costello 
19 hours ago
NYSE, NYSE Mega
Leave a comment
 The top gainer with a security that increased in price during today’s trading was NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA). NVIDIA Corporation had a higher price at the close than it did at the open. The company holds a market cap of 124.12B with a P/E of 60.01 indicating whether its share price properly reflects its performance. Fundamentalists and value investors are seeing the low ratio of 14.88 as more positive – demonstrating that the company has a great deal of revenue with a fair price. However, technicians believes that a higher ratio would indicate the likelihood of a constant augmentation of the company’s share price. NVIDIA Corporation’s P/B is valued at 20.94 exhibiting the investor sentiment on the value of the stock to its actual value. A higher P/B ratio of NVIDIA Corporation is signposting that the investors have either overvalued it , or that its accountants have undervalued it. The P/B figure is also providing some ideas on whether the shareholders are paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately – but to consider that the company ought to have a lower P/B value. As of now, the increased share price of NVIDIA Corporation makes it a lucrative buy for investors. A change of 0.68% in the price clearly indicates a strong asset performance for the corporation, , bearing in mind the total returns from its investment and dividends or distributions obtained from the investment. The ROA of NVIDIA Corporation is currently valued at 23.90% indicating how profitable the company is in regards to its total assets. The figure tells us what earnings were generated from invested capital of NVIDIA Corporation. It gives investors a clue on how effective the company is in converting the money it has to invest into net income. NVIDIA Corporation’s ROI is valued at 19.80% relatively measuring the profitability on the investment. It evidently points out how profitable and preferable it is for the investors. The company has a current ratio of 7.8 gauging towards its ability in paying short-term and long-term obligations. With the existing current ratio, NVIDIA Corporation is more than equipped to confront its liabilities with its assets. NVIDIA Corporation has a quick ratio of 7 measuring its ability to meet its short term obligations with its most liquid assets. The high quick ratio specifies its better liquidity position on the credit terms the company has negotiated from its suppliers. The EPS growth this year is at 137.90% demonstrating an EPS growth of 10.49% in the coming year. This defines the most likely future of the stock price of NVIDIA Corporation. With this high EPSGR it is predicted that growth rate will rise faster as compared to its competitors in the same industry. As it upholds an amended rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target. NVIDIA Corporation NASDAQ : NVDA | Tuesday, November 7, 2017    Tags (NASDAQ:NVDA) NASDAQ NVDA NVIDIA Corporation Semiconductor - Specialized Technology 9 hours ago 9 hours ago 9 hours ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/avoid-nvda-stock-earnings-until-announcement/

Source: Shutterstock In a recent article on NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), I warned of the dangers of the herd mentality. This mentality will be put to the test when Nvidia reports earnings on Nov. 9. Investors have driven up the NVDA stock price almost 17% in the last month. However, given an increasing price-to-earnings (PE) ratio and new competitive threats, investors should stay away from NVDA stock pending the earnings report tomorrow. Nobody can dispute that NVDA stock has experienced an awakening. Rarely does one see a 12-fold increase in the value of an S&P 500 Index stock in three years. However, NVDA did just that with a run from below $17 in October 2014 to almost $210 today. The advances made in gaming, as well as an entrance into data centers and self-driving vehicles, have put competitors on notice. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD), once bitter rivals themselves, have teamed up to produce a high-performance laptop chip. This chip will combine an Intel core processor with an AMD graphics unit. This alliance serves as tacit proof that NVDA is now the primary rival of both firms. While Nvidia has somewhat diversified away from gaming, it still accounts for about 50% of its revenue. Nvidia also grew its gaming revenue about 50% from the same quarter last year. It’s partly because of this earnings growth that the consensus earnings per share (EPS) forecast for Q3 currently stands at 94 cents per share. NVDA stock has beaten estimates for the last few quarters. Hence, most investors will assume earnings are going to be higher. Still, stock holders are not necessarily impressed by NVDA news of an earnings beat. After announcing Q2 earnings in August, the shares fell 10% in two days, though it bounced back soon after. Now, NVDA stock gained more than 23% in the last three months. The stock followed the same pattern in the previous quarters as well. If history serves as an indicator, it’s reasonable to assume the stock will again sell off on the news. The real question will be what happens afterward? Will the growth pattern of the next three months resume or will it fall? The stock’s appreciation has brought it to a PE ratio just over 60. Next Page  Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/avoid-nvda-stock-earnings-until-announcement/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/11/10738868/does-the-amd-intel-chip-deal-really-matter-for-nvidia

Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD) on Monday announced a new partnership in which Intel will now be using AMD’s Vega GPU in its multi-chip high-end notebook packages. The deal is certainly good news for AMD investors, but it may be a slight negative for rival chipmaker NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA). Deutsche Bank analyst Ross Seymore. Seymore expects the financial impact of the partnership will likely be minimal, but that AMD should see the largest potential positive impact due to its relatively small market cap. Without clear details on the economics of the deal, Seymore said he's unwilling to put a dollars-and-cents value on its potential impact. For Intel, Seymore said the deal serves to help the company address a larger notebook market and helps validate its EMIB technology. For AMD, he said the new deal is yet another example of how AMD can monetize its intellectual property. While Seymore said the deal will likely have little financial impact on Nvidia, the market will likely see it as an “incremental negative.” “The financial impact, if any, is likely to be small and reflected mainly in NVDA’s non-core OEM business (8-9% of total NVDA sales),” he said. So far this week, AMD stock is up 9.7 percent, Nvidia stock is up 1.3 percent and Intel stock is up 0.7 percent. Related Links:  Analysis: AMD's Intel Deal Lends Almost 100% Upside To The Stock A Pause In Intel's Big Rally Image Credit: yoggy0 from Yokohama, Japan (SIGGRAPH Asia 2009) [CC BY 2.0], via Wikimedia Commons 
View More Analyst Ratings for NVDA

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
 Posted-In: Deutsche Bank Ross SeymoreAnalyst Color Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 

http://www.investopedia.com/news/intel-amd-team-first-time-80s-take-nvidia/

Intel Corp. (INTC) and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) are teaming up to develop a new computer semiconductor aimed at taking on Nvidia Corp. (NVDA). Citing a person familiar with the matter, The Wall Street Journal reported that later Monday Intel and AMD are expected to announce a notebook computer semiconductor that combines a processor from Intel with a graphics chip from AMD. The semiconductor is targeted at laptops that are lightweight and thin but can run powerful video games. With personal computers seeing lackluster sales, the one bright spot has been high-end laptops that can play these graphic-intensive games. Intel and AMD are aiming to capitalize on that and at the same time steal market share from Nvidia. (See more: Intel's Stock Can Rise Over 20%: BMO Capital.) According to The Wall Street Journal, the new chip will mark the first time the two rivals have collaborated since the 1980s. While Intel has long been the dominant player in the PC chip market, leaving AMD in second place for decades, it hasn't been successful in the graphics chip market. The latter has become more of a formidable competitor to Intel thanks in part to its success on the graphics side of the semiconductor market. Nvidia is still the leading player in the graphics chip market with customers buying its products for high-end gaming and for cryptocurrency mining, but AMD has been slowly chipping away at that lead. Up until the launch of the combined Intel and AMD chip, gaming computers, be it a laptop or desktop, required an Intel semiconductor as well as a high-end chip from either Nvidia or AMD. With this new semiconductor, Intel is aiming to get a piece of the sales that typically goes to either of those two competitors. It will also mean more revenue for AMD, noted the report. A spokesman for AMD told the paper the chip it is working on with Intel won’t compete with its own Ryzen Mobile semiconductor that combines processing and graphics. The spokesman said the Intel chip is targeting gamers while the chip AMD is launching by the end of the year isn’t specialized to support that market specifically. “We’re playing in a complementary market,” the spokesman told the Wall Street Journal. For AMD, any good news could bode well for its stock, which as of late last month, turned negative for the year. (See more: AMD Stock Turns Negative for the Year.) While the company was able to report better-than-expected third quarter adjusted earnings that came in at $0.10, higher than the $0.08 analysts were looking for, its forecast for the fourth quarter, including less-than-expected sale growth and lower than modeled gross margins, pressured the stock. The company expects fourth-quarter revenue to be on the low end, representing a sequential decline of 15%. Earlier in the year, investors couldn’t get enough of the chip maker, betting its fortunes would grow as demand for graphics cards thanks to PC gaming and cryptocurrency surged. But Morgan Stanley poured some cold water on that theory after the firm reported quarterly earnings last week, cutting its price target to $8 from $11 a share and lowering the rating to underweight from inline. The reason: skepticism about AMD’s ability to grow in a meaningful way next year.  If Intel and AMD are successful at taking on Nvidia with the combined chip, it could mean a reversal of fortunes for AMD’s stock. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/advanced-micro-devices-inc-stock-is-going-the-wrong-way/

Source: Shutterstock Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) and AMD stock remind me of the movie Planes, Trains and Automobiles with Steve Martin and the late, great John Candy. Have you seen the movie? If so, remember the scene where Martin and Candy are driving on the wrong way on the highway? A driver on the other side of the median, who is traveling in the right direction, tries to warn them. “He says we’re going the wrong way,” states Neal Page, played by Martin. Candy’s character, Del Griffith replies, “Oh, he’s drunk. How would he know where we’re going?” Back in May, I predicted that Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) would hit $200 before AMD stock hit $16. Yes, I know, anyone can make predictions and I had a 50% chance of being right. When I made that prediction, the AMD stock price was almost $11. Never in my wildest dreams did I think it would be back trading at these levels six months later.  Sure, I thought NVDA stock was the better buy, but that didn’t mean I saw AMD stock going off a cliff. What’s happened to AMD? The longs were so confident that business was heading in the right direction.  InvestorPlace contributor Laura Hoy, who I believe provides excellent investment analysis, gave readers a very positive outlook on AMD stock two weeks before its Q3 2017 earnings.  “AMD stock is certainly not cheap and it doesn’t come without some risk. At $13 per share, some are waiting for a pullback in order to buy,” Hoy  wrote October 10. “However, I see AMD’s third-quarter earnings highlighting the firm’s forward momentum and sending the stock higher, making now a good time to buy in to benefit from the earnings pop.” As we all know by now, there wasn’t a pop but rather a thud as its earnings outlook was disappointing.  I’m not calling out Hoy for the recommendation. I’ve made so many badly-timed calls you could wallpaper your den with the printouts of those recommendations. It’s part of the business.  However, it is interesting that AMD provided disappointing guidance for the fourth quarter. That was after all the good news emanating from its Ryzen CPUs and Vega GPUs. AMD’s third-quarter year-over-year results were top drawer, with revenue up 26%. Operating income delivered a $419 million turnaround from a $293 million loss in Q3 2016 to a profit of $126 million a year later.  For a company that’s had operating losses four out of the last five fiscal years, it’s a big step forward.    Unfortunately, as InvestorPlace’s Luke Lango discussed a couple of days after earnings, the selloff in AMD stock was warranted. Next Page  Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/advanced-micro-devices-inc-stock-is-going-the-wrong-way/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

