https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/07/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-whats-the-story-9/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Major Integrated Oil & Gas. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $83.75, up from yesterday’s close by 0.69%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis Does this stock stack up well when compared to its peers in the industry space? Let’s take a look. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) currently trades with a market capitalization of $356.35 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 7.92 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For XOM, the company currently has $4.27 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $15.74 Billion current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $15.26 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.97 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 50.97% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis We’ve taken a serious look at this stock from a fundamental perspective, but the tale of the tape may offer more hints about what lies under the surface. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Exxon Mobil Corporation recorded a 52-week high of $93.21. It is now trading 9.46% off that level. The stock is trading $81.12 its 50-day moving average by -2.63%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $76.05. In recent action, Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) has made a move of +2.10% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 20.95, and it’s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.86% with $4.23 Billion sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of XOM. 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/07/exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-interesting-series-of-developments-taking-place/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is on our radar right now but there could still be some opportunities on the horizon. Now trading with a market value of 356.35B, the company has a mix of catalysts and obstacles that spring from the nature of its operations. In light of the many issues surrounding this company, we thought it was a good time to take a close look at the numbers in order to form a realistic perspective on the fundamental picture for this stock. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Fundamentals That Matter It’s generally a good idea to start with the most fundamental piece of the picture: the balance sheet. The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For XOM, the company currently has 4.27 billion of cash on the books, which is offset by 15.74 billion in current liabilities. The trend over time is important to note. In this case, the company’s debt has been falling. The company also has 349.43 billion in total assets, balanced by 160.23 billion in total liabilities, which should give you a sense of the viability of the company under any number of imagined business contexts. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) saw 2.62 billion in free cash flow last quarter, representing a quarterly net change in cash of 224 million. Perhaps most importantly where cash movements are concerned, the company saw about 7.54 billion in net operating cash flow. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Revenue Growth Potential As far as key trends that demonstrate something of the future investment potential of this stock, we need to take a closer look at the top line, first and foremost. Last quarter, the company saw 58.55 billion in total revenues. That represents a quarterly year/year change in revenues of 0.14 in sequential terms, the XOM saw sales decline by 0.06. But what about the bottom line? After all, that’s what really matters in the end. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) is intriguing when broken down to its core data. The cost of selling goods last quarter was 44.93 billion, yielding a gross basic income of 13.62 billion. For shareholders, given the total diluted outstanding shares of 4.27 billion, this means overall earnings per share of 0.93. Note, this compares with a consensus analyst forecast of 1 in earnings per share for its next fiscal quarterly report. 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Is Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) Valuation Attractive Looking ahead at valuations, according to the consensus, the next fiscal year is forecast to bring about 4.06 in total earnings per share. If we consider a median price to earnings ratio on the stock, that corresponds with a stock price of 21.06. However, one should always remember: the trends are more important than the forecasts. This continues to be an interesting story, and we look forward to updating it again soon on Exxon Mobil Corporation. 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/06/going-through-the-chart-for-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-4/

Over the last few days fluctuation in the stock of Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) was the main talking point of investors. It is widely believed that a stock’s future performance can best be predicted by analyzing prior trends and patterns in price. In the case of XOM, the chart has some interesting things to say about where the stock might be headed in the future. How has the stock performed recently? Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) in the last month has increased +1.80%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and underperformed a peer group of similar companies by -98%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $83.18, XOM sits below its 52-week high. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) has been trading in a bullish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that XOM may be headed in the future. To do this, analysts often study the speed and magnitude of a stock’s price movements with what are known as momentum indicators. The logic is that as a stock’s momentum slows, it may be nearing key support or resistance levels and possibly the end of a current trend. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for XOM is 60.03%, which suggests that the stock is not particularly expensive or cheap, and not predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 73.27%, tells a different story, and suggests that XOM currently trades in overbought territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? Volume patterns can also be useful for predicting future performance. When trading activity is abnormally high, it’s often a sign that the market feels particularly strong in one way or another about the future direction of a stock. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) average trading volume of 8,192,646 during the past month is 25.27% below its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been less active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? XOM is currently undervalued by -0.89% relative to the average 1-year price target of $83.93 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 3.00, which implies that analysts are generally neutral in their outlook for XOM over the next year. How risky is the stock?  No study on the valuation of a stock is complete without taking into account risk. When analyzing the systematic risk associated with a stock, analysts look at beta, which measures the stock’s volatility relative to the overall market. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) has a beta of 0.82, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are less extreme than the market as a whole. XOM therefore has a below average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, XOM average daily volatility was 5.26%, which is 4.39 percentage points lower than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://www.allstocknews.com/2017/11/07/diehard-bargain-hunter-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-cognizant-technology-solutions-corporation-ctsh/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) shares were trading higher by 0.69 percent ($0.57) at $83.75 a piece in Monday’s session. It had closed the previous session at $83.18. XOM trades with a P/S ratio of 1.46. This is higher than the industry’s 1.34 but lower compared with the wider sector’s 13.21. A low price-to-sales ratio, typically less than 1.0, is considered a good value. Also, it has an estimated price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 21.11 and a trailing 12-month price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 27.32. Shares of XOM have uptrended 4.74% in the past three months, while the S&P 500 has moved -3.1% in that time. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) has a market cap of $356.35 billion and over the last 12 months, Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) has gone stronger by 0.22%. During the last 52 weeks, the (NYSE:XOM) price has been as high as $93.21 and as low as $76.05. Exxon Mobil Corporation earnings have declined with an annualized rate of -25.9% over the last 5 years.  The average 1-year price target for Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) — averaging the work of different analysts — reveals a mean PT of $82.93/share. That’s a potential -0.98 decrease relative to where Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) has been trading recently. The current price is seen ranging between $83.06 and $83.87. There are brokerage firms with lower targets than the average, including one setting a price target of $70. And then on the other side of the spectrum one analyst entrenched in the bullish camp has a target as high as $100.  The collective rating of 3 for Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) also leans strongly towards the neutral end of the spectrum. Of the 24 analysts surveyed by Reuters that track XOM 12 of them rate its stock a hold. The other 12, though not evenly; between analysts who think you should buy Exxon Mobil Corporation versus those who think you should sell it. A 6 analysts rate it as either a buy or a strong buy, while6 believe that investors should either steer clear of XOM or, if they already own its stock, sell it.  Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) pulled off a 0.69 percent gain and now trades for $74.78. CTSH comes in with a P/S ratio of 3.06 that’s greater than 1, potentially implying that it could be expensive relative to the overall sector (2.77) and its peers (4.29). Also, it has an estimated price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 17.18 and a trailing 12-month price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 23.17. During the last 52 weeks, the price has been as high as $76.51 and as low as $51.35. Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (NASDAQ:CTSH) earnings have risen with a quarterly rate of 17.1% over the last 5 years. Shares of CTSH have increased 6.4% in the past three monthswhile the S&P 500 has gained 4.85% in that time.  Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (NASDAQ:CTSH) has a market cap of $44.15 billion and over the last 12 months, CTSH has risen by 43.59%. The average 1-year price target for (CTSH) reveals an average price target of $82.72 per share. That’s a potential 10.62 gain from where (NASDAQ:CTSH) has been trading recently. There are brokerage firms with lower targets than the average, including one setting a price target of $70. And then on the other side of the spectrum one analyst entrenched in the bullish camp has a target as high as $97.  The consensus recommendation — averaging the work of 32 analysts — of 2.1 for Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) points to moderate case. Of the analysts surveyed by Reuters that track Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation 10 of them rate its stock a hold. The other 22 are split, though not evenly, between analysts who think you should buy its stock versus those who think you should sell it. A 22 analysts rate it as either a buy or a strong buy, while 0 believe that investors should either steer clear of (NASDAQ:CTSH) or, if they already own its stock, sell it. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/interesting-january-2018-stock-options-for-xom-cm872413

Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist at Stock Options Channel is Exxon Mobil Corp (Symbol: XOM). So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from the January 2018 expiration for XOM. The put contract our YieldBoost algorithm identified as particularly interesting, is at the $80 strike, which has a bid at the time of this writing of 88 cents. Collecting that bid as the premium represents a 1.1% return against the $80 commitment, or a 5.4% annualized rate of return (at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost ).      Turning to the other side of the option chain, we highlight one call contract of particular interest for the January 2018 expiration, for shareholders of Exxon Mobil Corp (Symbol: XOM) looking to boost their income beyond the stock's 3.7% annualized dividend yield. Selling the covered call at the $85 strike and collecting the premium based on the $1.02 bid, annualizes to an additional 6% rate of return against the current stock price (this is what we at Stock Options Channel refer to as the YieldBoost ), for a total of 9.7% annualized rate in the scenario where the stock is not called away. Any upside above $85 would be lost if the stock rises there and is called away, but XOM shares would have to advance 1.7% from current levels for that to occur, meaning that in the scenario where the stock is called, the shareholder has earned a 3% return from this trading level, in addition to any dividends collected before the stock was called.     Top YieldBoost XOM Calls » 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/01/digging-up-the-facts-on-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-4/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) is an interesting player in the Basic Materials space, with a focus on Major Integrated Oil & Gas. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $83.35, down from yesterday’s close by -0.23%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis This company has been competing with others in the Basic Materials space and offers its own combination of interesting factors Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) currently trades with a market capitalization of $355.99 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 16.56 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For XOM, you can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $12.13 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $0.97 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 50.64% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis No analysis is ever complete without a thorough survey of a stock’s technical behavior. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Exxon Mobil Corporation recorded a 52-week high of $93.21. It is now trading 9.86% off that level. The stock is trading $80.56 its 50-day moving average by -2.79%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $76.05. In recent action, Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) has made a move of +1.94% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 22.64, and it’s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.86% with $4.23 Billion sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of XOM. 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/01/top-of-the-list-shares-in-todays-market-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-2/


Adam Costello 
1 week ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 Amid the all-time high stocks in today’s market is Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) that had a market cap of 356.8B. The company’s P/E was valued at 30.15 as it measures its current share price to its per-share earnings.  At present, (NYSE:XOM)’s price is rolling at $83.54. A price change of -0.20% indicates a strong asset performance for the corporation, bearing in mind the total returns from its investment and dividends or distributions obtained from the investment.  The financial condition of the company with an ROA of 3.40% indicates how profitable (NYSE:XOM) is relative to its total assets. The current rate provides an idea as to how efficient management is at using its assets to generate earnings.  As the return on equity calculates the corporation’s profitability by revealing how much profit the company has generated alongside the money the shareholders have invested, (NYSE:XOM) shows an ROE of (put ROE code – cant find it).  (NYSE:XOM)’s ROI is 0.60% signposting a better performance in the evaluation of the efficiency of an investment. By calculating the amount of return, the company’s current ratio – which is the liquidity and efficiency ratio – is measured at 0.8.  The operating margin of (NYSE:XOM) is valued at 2.40% and the profit margin measures at 4.90%. The increased OM of (NYSE:XOM) measures the company’s improved pricing strategy and the proportion of its revenue which is left after paying its variable costs of production, e.g. wages, raw materials, etc. The profit margin has increased by 4.90% gauging the financial health of (NYSE:XOM). It also shows the how good the amount of profit for (NYSE:XOM) is relative to its total expenditure.  The overall performance of (NYSE:XOM) for the week is at 0.36% with a rise compared to the last week, measuring a monthly rising rate of 1.90%. The weekly volatility have dropped down at 1.11% with a monthly decline of 0.80%, since the beginning of this month.  The average volume for (NYSE:XOM) is currently rolling at 9,479.01.  The EPS growth this year is at -51.20% demonstrating a EPS growth of 13.20% for the following year. This exhibits in determining the most likely future of the stock price of (NYSE:XOM).  With this high EPSGR it is predicted that growth rate will rise faster as compared to its competitors in the same industry. As it maintains an improved rate with more EPSGR it is prone to be a good target.  Tags (NYSE:XOM) Basic Materials Exxon Mobil Corporation NYSE XOM 3 mins ago 3 mins ago 4 mins ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/02/dissecting-the-investment-cases-for-exxon-mobil-corporation-xom-and-chevron-corporation-cvx/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) and Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) are both Basic Materials companies that recently hit new low. Naturally, this has caught the attention of the investment community. But which is the better investment? To answer this question, we will compare the two companies across various metrics including growth, profitability, risk, return, dividends, and valuation. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) operates in the Major Integrated Oil & Gas segment of the Basic Materials sector. The company has grown sales at a -14.10% annual rate over the past five years, putting it in the low growth category. XOM has a net profit margin of 4.90% and is more profitable than the average company in the Major Integrated Oil & Gas industry. In terms of efficiency, XOM has an asset turnover ratio of 0.72. This figure represents the amount of revenue a company generates per dollar of assets. XOM’s financial leverage ratio is 0.88, which indicates that the company’s asset base is primarily funded by equity capital. Company’s return on equity, which is really just the product of the company’s profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage ratios, is 6.70%, which is worse than the Major Integrated Oil & Gas industry average ROE. Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) pays out an annual dividend of 3.08 per share. At the current valuation, this equates to a dividend yield of 3.67%. The company has a payout ratio of 109.00%. XOM’s current dividend therefore should be sustainable. Stock’s free cash flow yield, which represents the amount of cash available to investors before dividends, expressed as a percentage of the stock price, is -1.06. All else equal, companies with higher FCF yields are viewed as cheaper. Company trades at a P/E ratio of 30.27, and is less expensive than the average stock in the Major Integrated Oil & Gas industry. The average investment recommendation for XOM, taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts, is 3.00, or a hold. Over the past three months, Exxon Mobil Corporation insiders have been net buyers, dumping a net of -23,756 shares. This implies that insiders have been feeling relatively bearish about the outlook for XOM. Insider activity and sentiment signals are important to monitor because they can shed light on how “risky” a stock is perceived to be at it’s current valuation. Knowing this, it makes sense to look at beta, a measure of market risk. XOM has a beta of 0.83 and therefore an below average level of market volatility. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) operates in the Major Integrated Oil & Gas segment of the Basic Materials sector. CVX has increased sales at a -14.70% CAGR over the past five years, and is considered a low growth stock. The company has a net profit margin of 4.70% and is more profitable than the average Major Integrated Oil & Gas player. CVX’s asset turnover ratio is 0.5 and the company has financial leverage of 0.74. CVX’s return on equity of 4.00% is worse than the Major Integrated Oil & Gas industry average. Chevron Corporation (CVX) pays a dividend of 4.32, which translates to dividend yield of 3.73% based on the current price. Stock has a payout ratio of 138.90%. According to this ratio, CVX should be able to continue making payouts at these levels. The company trades at a free cash flow yield of -0.67 and has a P/E of 37.59. Compared to the average company in the 31.42 space, CVX is relatively expensive. The average analyst recommendation for CVX is 2.10, or a buy. Chevron Corporation insiders have sold a net of -27,812 shares during the past three months, which implies that the company’s top executives have been feeling bearish about the stock’s outlook. Finally, CVX’s beta of 1.23 indicates that the stock has an below average level of market risk. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) scores higher than Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) on 8 of the 13 measures compared between the two companies. XOM has the better fundamentals, scoring higher on growth, profitability, efficiency and return metrics. XOM has better insider activity and sentiment signals. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://allstocknews.com/2017/11/01/exxon-mobil-corporation-nysexom-soon-to-be-worth-around-83-4-financial-analysts-predict/

Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) closed October 31 at $83.35, down -10.58% or $9.86 from its record high price of $93.21. Looking at the other side of the coin, XOM traded as low as $76.05 in the past 52 weeks, and since then the shares have risen 9.6% or $7.3. The recent price momentum makes it one stock to watch in recent days. Its -0.23% depreciation from Monday’s close has set alarm bells ringing.  Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) shares are down -0.14% for the week and that has got investors and traders sitting up and taking note. XOM is already driving a 0.04% rally over the course of the past year and is now down -7.66% since this point in 2017. Speaking of monthly performance, XOM tapped a 2.11% gain. Also, the equity price jumped 3.41% % in three months, taking the six-month increase to 0.79% as of recent close. With that said, researchers took a deep dive into the hotly debated question: is it too late to buy Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM).  Analyst research firms are expressing bullish stance on Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM)’s near-term growth potential. They anticipate the XOM stock will hit $83.4 on a short term (12 month) basis. Their average price target spell out an upbeat performance – a 0% and would give XOM a market capitalization of nearly $356.12B.  Valued currently at $83.35, the vast majority of Wall Street analysts continue to say it’s a hold. Mean recommendation is rated on a 1 to 5 scale. 1 is equivalent to a buy rating, 3 a hold rating, and 5 a sell rating. The Mean Recommendation is the average rating on a stock by the analyst community.  Right now, XOM’s beta is 0.83. That makes it -0.17 more volatile than the broad market. Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) is 2.38% above its 200-day moving average, providing a measure of resistance for long positions. On a similar note, the stock is 3.64% above its 50-day moving average, providing a measure of support for short positions. The average daily volatility for the week was at 1.11%, which was 0.32 higher than that in the past month.  From another technical standpoint, Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM)’s 14-day Relative Strength Index (RSI) has reached 69.59, putting it inside a neutral zone. If the RSI is traveling up and it is between 40 and 80, it is probably an indication of an uptrend. If it moves beyond 70 but cannot hold this ground and instead falls below 70, it could be an indication that the market is overbought and prone to become bearish, at least in the short term. Conversely, if the RSI is traveling down and it is between 60 and 20, it is probably an indication of a downtrend. If it moves below 30 and fails to remain below, it could be an indication that the market is oversold and poised to become bullish, at least in the short term.  Technical analysts also use volume to predict trends. The current trading volume of 8.53 sits 11.14% lower than the past 3 month’s readings, indicating near-term traders have been less active toward XOM than usual of late. The company trades on average around 948000 shares per market session. Major moves in volume can signal unusual activity, such as insider trading. Unusual volume can be a major signal that investment gurus and momentum traders are piling into a stock ahead of a catalyst. These types of traders like to get in well ahead of a large spike, so it’s always a smart move to monitor unusual volume. In terms of relative volume, these shares are trading at 1.11x their normal volume. 

http://www.ttnews.com/articles/exxon-not-threatened-electric-cars-says-trucks-are-where-real-action

Exxon Mobil Corp. says the existential threat to oil producers from electric cars is overblown. Despite concern that electrification will render obsolete the gasoline-fueled internal combustion engine, the world’s biggest crude explorer says the 158 year-old oil industry won’t go gentle into that good night. The electric-vehicle, or EV, fleet won’t grow fast enough to displace much in the way of fuel demand, according to Exxon Vice President Jeff Woodbury. Plus, heavy-duty trucks and petrochemicals are where the real action is anyway, he said during a conference call with analysts on Oct. 27. RELATED: Daimler steps up electric truck rollout as Tesla rivalry looms “By 2040, the fleet is about 6% EV,” Woodbury said, referring to a company forecast on the growth of electric cars. Even if you boosted that number by 50%, it would only remove about a half-million barrels a day in demand, he said, “not substantial when you think about overall oil demand of over 100 million barrels per day, at that point.” RELATED: Toyota Class 8 With hydrogen fuel cell to run SoCal drayage route Should gasoline demand dry up some day, that’s OK with Exxon too. The company would rather “upgrade” those molecules into higher-profit fuels such as diesel anyway, he said.   

