https://www.investorplace.com/2017/11/alibaba-group-holding-baba-a-strong-buy-on-high-level-earnings-momentum/

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) is ranked as a Strong Buy using the stock evaluator from Portfolio Grader, which incorporates Louis Navellier's investing system. BABA has maintained this ranking for 6 months. BABA is one of the 703 companies in the GICS Information Technology sector and is a constituent of the 130 company Internet Software & Services GICS industry group within this sector. BABA's market value is $488.7 billion which places it in the top 10% of its industry group The stock's current Portfolio Grader score places it 1 among the 130 companies in this industry group, positioning it among the leaders. Portfolio Grader currently ranks the Information Technology sector number 4 among the 12 sectors in its universe putting it in the top half of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 14 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it above-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. BABA has achieved well above-average scores in 5, and above-average scores in 2 of the 8 fundamental areas analyzed by Portfolio Grader in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are well above average. Scores for visibility of earnings are superior with a ranking for earnings revisions, earnings surprises and earnings momentum that are discernibly better than average. BABA's ranking for return on equity is significantly better than its industry group average but its grade for cash flow is below-average. Based on these fundamental scores, Alibaba Group Holding places in the top decile of the industry group.  Portfolio Grader quantitatively gauges BABA's shares using the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score. This metric looks at BABA's shares from the viewpoint of risk/reward. This exclusive scoring system assesses the relative value of BABA's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Using this risk/reward calculation, the company currently scores well above-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alibaba-group-holding-baba-a-strong-buy-on-high-level-earnings-momentum/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/tech-roundup-whitman-leaves-hp-amzn-cern-deal-googl-tracking-baba-alliance-cm884432

 Last week, Meg Whitman resigned as HPE  CEO, Amazon AMZN  was rumored to have a deal with Cerner, Alphabet's GOOGL  Google was caught secretly collecting user location data and Alibaba BABA  formed a strategic alliance in China. Here are the details-  Meg Whitman Resigns as CEO of HPE  After a 6-year stint at the company she promised to turn around in 5, Meg Whitman is resigning from her position as CEO of HP Enterprise. She steps down on Feb. 1 and will be succeeded by Antonio Neri, who is an engineer with 22 years of experience working in various departments of the company. Back in 2014, Whitman split the company in two in the hopes that the two halves would operate more efficiently as separate units. True enough, the consumer hardware side, HP Inc, has shown signs of improvement although comparisons get tougher here on out. However, the HPE side that she heads directly hasn't done as well as predicted, with the main problem being an inadequate level of innovation that hasn't allowed the company to compete effectively. She has, however, picked up Aruba Networks and Nimble Storage along the way, both of which are contributing to its growth numbers today. She's also stripped down the workforce, almost laying the ground for the engineering push Neri is likely to bring. "Antonio is a deep technologist," Whitman told analysts. "I think I have added a lot of value here in terms of shareholder value creation, financial structuring, ignition of the innovation engine. But the next CEO of this company needs to be a deeper technologist." The announcement took analysts by surprise since Whitman has previously denied her intention to leave, especially when Uber was reportedly pursuing her for the top job some time back. She has also said that much work remains to be done. The announcement was taken very badly by investors since it came alongside weaker-than-expected guidance on the back of results that topped expectations.  Amazon Has Deal with Cerner  CNBC reports that Amazon has an agreement with Cerner, according to which the leading EHR company will deliver EHR services along with Amazon analytics at high speeds and accuracy to large healthcare organizations that operate on a very big scale. This will help Cerner expand geographically. Cerner's HealtheIntent platform facilitates the gathering and retrieval of and access to patient electronic records (EHRs) including prescriptions to facilitate their analysis by hospitals and healthcare professionals, thereby reducing the cost and improving upon the outcome of treatment while also taking care of insurance claims. This is the service that will use AWS.  Google Secretly Recording User Location  Quartz has revealed that from some time in the beginning of the year, Android devices have been sending Google location data even when location services were disabled. Google's privacy policy contains a section on location data that reads as follows: "When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers." This tracking was done through the Android OS by making changes to the Firebase Cloud Messaging service that runs on Android devices by default. So the data was collected irrespective of whether the phone was connected or not and whether it had a SIM installed or not. When confronted, Google said that the information was collected to manage messages and push notifications, and it had never used the information nor stored it. It also said that this location-data-harvesting system was separate from the one that was shared with advertisers, so customer privacy hadn't been sacrificed.     Alibaba Cements Offline Strategy with Strategic   Alliance  Alibaba has bought 36.16% of China's leading grocer (with around 8.2% market share, according to Kantar Worldpanel) and hypermarket store operator Sun Art for around $2.9 billion. For the purpose, Alibaba has partnered with French retailer Auchan, which is increasing its own stake in Sun Art to 36.18% and Taiwanese conglomerate Ruentex, which is selling most of its holding to Alibaba to retain 4.67%. For Alibaba, the goals of the partnership are to bring technology to Sun Art stores, grow its food retail footprint (the total food retail opportunity in China is $500 billion), facilitate a seamless omnichannel experience to Chinese customers and collect more data on them for its machine learnings purposes. As of June 30, 2017, Sun Art operated a gross floor area of approximately 12 million square meters in China. It currently operates 446 hypermarkets of 17,000 square meters each across 29 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China. Its stores are branded "RT-Mart" and "Auchan" and "Auchan Minute" (for superstores and innovative unmanned stores). Alibaba has been investing in offline channels for some time now. The company has invested more than $9 billion dollars on physical stores over the past two years, including InTime, Suning and Lianhua.       Ticker   Price Change Last Week   Price Change Last 6 Months     AAPL   +0.17%   +13.91%     FB   +1.78%   +23.30%     GOOGL   +0.77%   +9.58%     MSFT   +0.07%   +21.64%     INTC   -1.97%   +25.10%     CSCO   +1.70%   +15.50%     AMZN   +4.28%   +22.17%         Other Stories     Corporate    Apple Removes Apps in China  : Apple AAPL  , like several others, has removed several voice over internet protocol (VoIP) apps, including Microsoft's Skype from the app store. The Chinese government has for some time been cracking down on apps that do not comply with government censorship rules and illegally reach users through their VoIP connections. An Apple spokeswoman said in this context, "We have been notified by the Ministry of Public Security that a number of voice over internet protocol apps do not comply with local law, therefore these apps have been removed from the App Store in China" adding that "these apps remain available in all other markets where they do business."  Apple Assembling with Illegal Labor  : No matter how much the iPhone X costs and how much profit it makes for the company, it appears that assembling the things requires illegal student overtime. Apple has always driven a hard bargain with its suppliers. In this case, Taiwan's Foxconn, already hit by iPhone X production delays reportedly saw its profits drop 42% in the most recent quarter. Possibly to make good, the company hired student interns who worked 11 hours a day to qualify for their graduation degrees. Student overtime is illegal in the country and Foxconn has said that it has a policy not to let students work overtime. Moreover, its internship programs are carried out in cooperation with local governments and vocational schools in China. But in this case, the students worked voluntarily and were compensated and given benefits, mainly because the policy hadn't been adopted in some parts of its operations. It has confirmed that such a thing wouldn't happen again.   New Products/Technology    Apple Self-Driving Car Research  : Apple has published a paper on self-driving technology. The Nov 17 publication in online journal arXiv, written by researchers Yin Zhou and Oncel Tuzel describes advancements in 3D object detection. LiDAR takes a time of light approach, i.e. it shines light on an object and maps its return path to determine its shape and distance. Since it's difficult to detect small or far-away objects in this way, the LiDAR system is paired with a camera, which however makes it more cumbersome. Apple's researchers use complex computer vision and artificial intelligence to create a LiDAR-only system they call VoxelNet. They say that this system is more efficient and effective than the systems in use today.  Apple SE 2 in 2018  : According to media reports that quoted China's Economic Daily News and MacRumors, Apple is set to launch the second version of iPhone SE, its low-end smartphone for emerging markets. The reports say that the phone will be assembled exclusively by Apple's partner Wistron and will cost $450. So the launch of iPhone X and continuation of iPhone SE appear to be part of Apple's strategy of expanding its product range to cater to a broader customer base. At the same time, it's a way for Apple to benefit from higher volumes with the SE and greater profitability with the X. Apple remains a premium brand however since the SE is still more expensive than other low-end devices.  Intel Could Increase iPhone Share in 2018  : Well-known Apple analyst with a very good track record for breaking Apple News, Ming Ci Kuo estimates that Intel's INTC  new modems will be in at least 70-80% of all iPhones next year. The XMM 7560 LTE modem is better than the currently-used XMM 7480 in terms of speed, power efficiency and compatibility with CDMA networks. Qualcomm's new X20 LTE modem will also be an improvement over the currently-used X16, but Apple's reluctance to use Qualcomm technology is not just about technology. It's more about the souring relationship and the looming litigation between the two.  Pixel Users Get Google Lens  : Google Lens, the AI-powered visual search technology developed by Google, was initially announced in Google I/O 2017. Management said at the time that it would be integrated within Photos and Assistant in Pixel phones. But while some had seen it as part of Photos, the rollout to Assistant appears to be on now. Google says that the feature will be available in the U.S., U.K., Australia, Canada, India and Singapore.    AWS Secret Region for U.S. Intelligence Service  : Amazon has launched a separate cloud service for U.S. intelligentsia called Secret Region. The storage space will be accessible only to the U.S. intelligence community and users with a Secret U.S. security classification and contract vehicles for using the service. Amazon signed the CIA in 2013 for a $600 million deal, so what seems to be an expansion of services for intelligence services of the government is a huge validation of the security and secrecy offered by Amazon. According to Amazon,  "With the launch of this new Secret Region, AWS becomes the first and only commercial cloud provider to offer regions to serve government workloads across the full range of data classifications, including Unclassified, Sensitive, Secret, and Top Secret."   Collaborations and M&A    Apple Pay Deal with French Bank  : Apple Pay, which enables secure payments in stores, within apps and on the Internet using built-in fingerprint scanning on iPhones for authorization, has at last signed on a major French bank. Apple launched the service in France a year ago and has signed on some smaller banks to date, including a startup online bank.  Apple Acquires Vrvana  : Vrvana, the company that blends AR and VR experiences in a single headset called Totem, has been acquired for an estimated $30 million, according to TechCrunch. The company's extended reality headset differs from other competing technologies like Microsoft Hololens in that it uses a system of cameras to track a user's relative position with respect to his environment, as well as a separate set to track his hand gestures instead of transparent, projection-based displays used in the Hololens. This has minimized latency to 3 milliseconds, thus greatly improving upon the experience. For comparison, Facebook's Oculus aims to deliver a latency of 20 milliseconds. Latency is an important factor driving user experience because high latency destroys the immersive feel and also leads to motion sickness. Apple has said for long that AR is a very big deal and some have rumored that it will ship its own AR device in 2020. As always, Apple doesn't comment on rumors.   Some Numbers    Apple May Ship 4 Million HomePods in 2018  : A Bloomberg report indicates that Apple will ship 4 million units when it launches in 2018. Amazon has sold 15 million Alexa units since the e-commerce giant launched them in 2015, according to CIRP LLC. Apple's device, however, focuses on sound quality, so there is a lot of speculation about its doubling as a music streaming device. It will have much fewer skills than competing digital home products from Amazon and Google, so it's unlikely to be as useful. But Apple has a loyal customer base that usually laps up anything Apple has on offer, so they probably won't grudge the $349 Apple intends to charge for the device.  Investor Alert: Breakthroughs Pending  A medical advance is now at the flashpoint between theory and realization. Billions of dollars in research have poured into it. Companies are already generating substantial revenue, and even more wondrous products are in the pipeline. Cures for a variety of deadly diseases are in sight, and so are big potential profits for early investors. Zacks names 5 stocks to buy now.   Click here to see them >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE): Free Stock Analysis Report   Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): Free Stock Analysis Report   Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA): Free Stock Analysis Report   Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis Report   Apple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report   Intel Corporation (INTC): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research  Last week, Meg Whitman resigned as HPE  CEO, Amazon AMZN  was rumored to have a deal with Cerner, Alphabet's GOOGL  Google was caught secretly collecting user location data and Alibaba BABA  formed a strategic alliance in China. Here are the details-  Meg Whitman Resigns as CEO of HPE  After a 6-year stint at the company she promised to turn around in 5, Meg Whitman is resigning from her position as CEO of HP Enterprise. She steps down on Feb. 1 and will be succeeded by Antonio Neri, who is an engineer with 22 years of experience working in various departments of the company. Back in 2014, Whitman split the company in two in the hopes that the two halves would operate more efficiently as separate units. True enough, the consumer hardware side, HP Inc, has shown signs of improvement although comparisons get tougher here on out. However, the HPE side that she heads directly hasn't done as well as predicted, with the main problem being an inadequate level of innovation that hasn't allowed the company to compete effectively. She has, however, picked up Aruba Networks and Nimble Storage along the way, both of which are contributing to its growth numbers today. She's also stripped down the workforce, almost laying the ground for the engineering push Neri is likely to bring. "Antonio is a deep technologist," Whitman told analysts. "I think I have added a lot of value here in terms of shareholder value creation, financial structuring, ignition of the innovation engine. But the next CEO of this company needs to be a deeper technologist." The announcement took analysts by surprise since Whitman has previously denied her intention to leave, especially when Uber was reportedly pursuing her for the top job some time back. She has also said that much work remains to be done. The announcement was taken very badly by investors since it came alongside weaker-than-expected guidance on the back of results that topped expectations.  Amazon Has Deal with Cerner  CNBC reports that Amazon has an agreement with Cerner, according to which the leading EHR company will deliver EHR services along with Amazon analytics at high speeds and accuracy to large healthcare organizations that operate on a very big scale. This will help Cerner expand geographically. Cerner's HealtheIntent platform facilitates the gathering and retrieval of and access to patient electronic records (EHRs) including prescriptions to facilitate their analysis by hospitals and healthcare professionals, thereby reducing the cost and improving upon the outcome of treatment while also taking care of insurance claims. This is the service that will use AWS.  Google Secretly Recording User Location  Quartz has revealed that from some time in the beginning of the year, Android devices have been sending Google location data even when location services were disabled. Google's privacy policy contains a section on location data that reads as follows: "When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers." This tracking was done through the Android OS by making changes to the Firebase Cloud Messaging service that runs on Android devices by default. So the data was collected irrespective of whether the phone was connected or not and whether it had a SIM installed or not. When confronted, Google said that the information was collected to manage messages and push notifications, and it had never used the information nor stored it. It also said that this location-data-harvesting system was separate from the one that was shared with advertisers, so customer privacy hadn't been sacrificed.     Alibaba Cements Offline Strategy with Strategic   Alliance  Alibaba has bought 36.16% of China's leading grocer (with around 8.2% market share, according to Kantar Worldpanel) and hypermarket store operator Sun Art for around $2.9 billion. For the purpose, Alibaba has partnered with French retailer Auchan, which is increasing its own stake in Sun Art to 36.18% and Taiwanese conglomerate Ruentex, which is selling most of its holding to Alibaba to retain 4.67%. For Alibaba, the goals of the partnership are to bring technology to Sun Art stores, grow its food retail footprint (the total food retail opportunity in China is $500 billion), facilitate a seamless omnichannel experience to Chinese customers and collect more data on them for its machine learnings purposes. As of June 30, 2017, Sun Art operated a gross floor area of approximately 12 million square meters in China. It currently operates 446 hypermarkets of 17,000 square meters each across 29 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China. Its stores are branded "RT-Mart" and "Auchan" and "Auchan Minute" (for superstores and innovative unmanned stores). Alibaba has been investing in offline channels for some time now. The company has invested more than $9 billion dollars on physical stores over the past two years, including InTime, Suning and Lianhua.   Ticker Price Change Last Week Price Change Last 6 Months AAPL +0.17% +13.91% FB +1.78% +23.30% GOOGL +0.77% +9.58% MSFT +0.07% +21.64% INTC -1.97% +25.10% CSCO +1.70% +15.50% AMZN +4.28% +22.17%     Other Stories     Corporate    Apple Removes Apps in China  : Apple AAPL  , like several others, has removed several voice over internet protocol (VoIP) apps, including Microsoft's Skype from the app store. The Chinese government has for some time been cracking down on apps that do not comply with government censorship rules and illegally reach users through their VoIP connections. An Apple spokeswoman said in this context, "We have been notified by the Ministry of Public Security that a number of voice over internet protocol apps do not comply with local law, therefore these apps have been removed from the App Store in China" adding that "these apps remain available in all other markets where they do business."  Apple Assembling with Illegal Labor  : No matter how much the iPhone X costs and how much profit it makes for the company, it appears that assembling the things requires illegal student overtime. Apple has always driven a hard bargain with its suppliers. In this case, Taiwan's Foxconn, already hit by iPhone X production delays reportedly saw its profits drop 42% in the most recent quarter. Possibly to make good, the company hired student interns who worked 11 hours a day to qualify for their graduation degrees. Student overtime is illegal in the country and Foxconn has said that it has a policy not to let students work overtime. Moreover, its internship programs are carried out in cooperation with local governments and vocational schools in China. But in this case, the students worked voluntarily and were compensated and given benefits, mainly because the policy hadn't been adopted in some parts of its operations. It has confirmed that such a thing wouldn't happen again.   New Products/Technology    Apple Self-Driving Car Research  : Apple has published a paper on self-driving technology. The Nov 17 publication in online journal arXiv, written by researchers Yin Zhou and Oncel Tuzel describes advancements in 3D object detection. LiDAR takes a time of light approach, i.e. it shines light on an object and maps its return path to determine its shape and distance. Since it's difficult to detect small or far-away objects in this way, the LiDAR system is paired with a camera, which however makes it more cumbersome. Apple's researchers use complex computer vision and artificial intelligence to create a LiDAR-only system they call VoxelNet. They say that this system is more efficient and effective than the systems in use today.  Apple SE 2 in 2018  : According to media reports that quoted China's Economic Daily News and MacRumors, Apple is set to launch the second version of iPhone SE, its low-end smartphone for emerging markets. The reports say that the phone will be assembled exclusively by Apple's partner Wistron and will cost $450. So the launch of iPhone X and continuation of iPhone SE appear to be part of Apple's strategy of expanding its product range to cater to a broader customer base. At the same time, it's a way for Apple to benefit from higher volumes with the SE and greater profitability with the X. Apple remains a premium brand however since the SE is still more expensive than other low-end devices.  Intel Could Increase iPhone Share in 2018  : Well-known Apple analyst with a very good track record for breaking Apple News, Ming Ci Kuo estimates that Intel's INTC  new modems will be in at least 70-80% of all iPhones next year. The XMM 7560 LTE modem is better than the currently-used XMM 7480 in terms of speed, power efficiency and compatibility with CDMA networks. Qualcomm's new X20 LTE modem will also be an improvement over the currently-used X16, but Apple's reluctance to use Qualcomm technology is not just about technology. It's more about the souring relationship and the looming litigation between the two.  Pixel Users Get Google Lens  : Google Lens, the AI-powered visual search technology developed by Google, was initially announced in Google I/O 2017. Management said at the time that it would be integrated within Photos and Assistant in Pixel phones. But while some had seen it as part of Photos, the rollout to Assistant appears to be on now. Google says that the feature will be available in the U.S., U.K., Australia, Canada, India and Singapore.    AWS Secret Region for U.S. Intelligence Service  : Amazon has launched a separate cloud service for U.S. intelligentsia called Secret Region. The storage space will be accessible only to the U.S. intelligence community and users with a Secret U.S. security classification and contract vehicles for using the service. Amazon signed the CIA in 2013 for a $600 million deal, so what seems to be an expansion of services for intelligence services of the government is a huge validation of the security and secrecy offered by Amazon. According to Amazon,  "With the launch of this new Secret Region, AWS becomes the first and only commercial cloud provider to offer regions to serve government workloads across the full range of data classifications, including Unclassified, Sensitive, Secret, and Top Secret."   Collaborations and M&A    Apple Pay Deal with French Bank  : Apple Pay, which enables secure payments in stores, within apps and on the Internet using built-in fingerprint scanning on iPhones for authorization, has at last signed on a major French bank. Apple launched the service in France a year ago and has signed on some smaller banks to date, including a startup online bank.  Apple Acquires Vrvana  : Vrvana, the company that blends AR and VR experiences in a single headset called Totem, has been acquired for an estimated $30 million, according to TechCrunch. The company's extended reality headset differs from other competing technologies like Microsoft Hololens in that it uses a system of cameras to track a user's relative position with respect to his environment, as well as a separate set to track his hand gestures instead of transparent, projection-based displays used in the Hololens. This has minimized latency to 3 milliseconds, thus greatly improving upon the experience. For comparison, Facebook's Oculus aims to deliver a latency of 20 milliseconds. Latency is an important factor driving user experience because high latency destroys the immersive feel and also leads to motion sickness. Apple has said for long that AR is a very big deal and some have rumored that it will ship its own AR device in 2020. As always, Apple doesn't comment on rumors.   Some Numbers    Apple May Ship 4 Million HomePods in 2018  : A Bloomberg report indicates that Apple will ship 4 million units when it launches in 2018. Amazon has sold 15 million Alexa units since the e-commerce giant launched them in 2015, according to CIRP LLC. Apple's device, however, focuses on sound quality, so there is a lot of speculation about its doubling as a music streaming device. It will have much fewer skills than competing digital home products from Amazon and Google, so it's unlikely to be as useful. But Apple has a loyal customer base that usually laps up anything Apple has on offer, so they probably won't grudge the $349 Apple intends to charge for the device.  Investor Alert: Breakthroughs Pending  A medical advance is now at the flashpoint between theory and realization. Billions of dollars in research have poured into it. Companies are already generating substantial revenue, and even more wondrous products are in the pipeline. Cures for a variety of deadly diseases are in sight, and so are big potential profits for early investors. Zacks names 5 stocks to buy now.   Click here to see them >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://www.zacks.com/stock/news/284499/Tech-Roundup-Whitman-Leaves-HP-AMZNCERN-Deal-GOOGL-Tracking-BABA-Alliance

Sejuti Banerjea
                    November 29, 2017
 HPE AMZN BABA GOOGL AAPL INTC  Last week, Meg Whitman resigned as HPE CEO, Amazon (AMZN  -  Free Report)	 was rumored to have a deal with Cerner, Alphabet’s (GOOGL  -  Free Report)	 Google was caught secretly collecting user location data and Alibaba (BABA  -  Free Report)	 formed a strategic alliance in China. Here are the details- Meg Whitman Resigns as CEO of HPE After a 6-year stint at the company she promised to turn around in 5, Meg Whitman is resigning from her position as CEO of HP Enterprise. She steps down on Feb. 1 and will be succeeded by Antonio Neri, who is an engineer with 22 years of experience working in various departments of the company. Back in 2014, Whitman split the company in two in the hopes that the two halves would operate more efficiently as separate units. True enough, the consumer hardware side, HP Inc, has shown signs of improvement although comparisons get tougher here on out. However, the HPE side that she heads directly hasn’t done as well as predicted, with the main problem being an inadequate level of innovation that hasn’t allowed the company to compete effectively. She has, however, picked up Aruba Networks and Nimble Storage along the way, both of which are contributing to its growth numbers today. She’s also stripped down the workforce, almost laying the ground for the engineering push Neri is likely to bring. “Antonio is a deep technologist,” Whitman told analysts. “I think I have added a lot of value here in terms of shareholder value creation, financial structuring, ignition of the innovation engine. But the next CEO of this company needs to be a deeper technologist.” The announcement took analysts by surprise since Whitman has previously denied her intention to leave, especially when Uber was reportedly pursuing her for the top job some time back. She has also said that much work remains to be done. The announcement was taken very badly by investors since it came alongside weaker-than-expected guidance on the back of results that topped expectations. Amazon Has Deal with Cerner CNBC reports that Amazon has an agreement with Cerner, according to which the leading EHR company will deliver EHR services along with Amazon analytics at high speeds and accuracy to large healthcare organizations that operate on a very big scale. This will help Cerner expand geographically. Cerner’s HealtheIntent platform facilitates the gathering and retrieval of and access to patient electronic records (EHRs) including prescriptions to facilitate their analysis by hospitals and healthcare professionals, thereby reducing the cost and improving upon the outcome of treatment while also taking care of insurance claims. This is the service that will use AWS. Google Secretly Recording User Location Quartz has revealed that from some time in the beginning of the year, Android devices have been sending Google location data even when location services were disabled. Google’s privacy policy contains a section on location data that reads as follows: “When you use Google services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide Google with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.” This tracking was done through the Android OS by making changes to the Firebase Cloud Messaging service that runs on Android devices by default. So the data was collected irrespective of whether the phone was connected or not and whether it had a SIM installed or not. When confronted, Google said that the information was collected to manage messages and push notifications, and it had never used the information nor stored it. It also said that this location-data-harvesting system was separate from the one that was shared with advertisers, so customer privacy hadn’t been sacrificed.    Alibaba Cements Offline Strategy with Strategic Alliance Alibaba has bought 36.16% of China’s leading grocer (with around 8.2% market share, according to Kantar Worldpanel) and hypermarket store operator Sun Art for around $2.9 billion. For the purpose, Alibaba has partnered with French retailer Auchan, which is increasing its own stake in Sun Art to 36.18% and Taiwanese conglomerate Ruentex, which is selling most of its holding to Alibaba to retain 4.67%. For Alibaba, the goals of the partnership are to bring technology to Sun Art stores, grow its food retail footprint (the total food retail opportunity in China is $500 billion), facilitate a seamless omnichannel experience to Chinese customers and collect more data on them for its machine learnings purposes. As of June 30, 2017, Sun Art operated a gross floor area of approximately 12 million square meters in China. It currently operates 446 hypermarkets of 17,000 square meters each across 29 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in China. Its stores are branded “RT-Mart” and “Auchan” and “Auchan Minute” (for superstores and innovative unmanned stores). Alibaba has been investing in offline channels for some time now. The company has invested more than $9 billion dollars on physical stores over the past two years, including InTime, Suning and Lianhua.   Ticker Price Change Last Week Price Change Last 6 Months AAPL +0.17% +13.91% FB +1.78% +23.30% GOOGL +0.77% +9.58% MSFT +0.07% +21.64% INTC -1.97% +25.10% CSCO +1.70% +15.50% AMZN +4.28% +22.17%   Other Stories Corporate Apple Removes Apps in China: Apple (AAPL  -  Free Report)	, like several others, has removed several voice over internet protocol (VoIP) apps, including Microsoft’s Skype from the app store. The Chinese government has for some time been cracking down on apps that do not comply with government censorship rules and illegally reach users through their VoIP connections. An Apple spokeswoman said in this context, "We have been notified by the Ministry of Public Security that a number of voice over internet protocol apps do not comply with local law, therefore these apps have been removed from the App Store in China” adding that “these apps remain available in all other markets where they do business." Apple Assembling with Illegal Labor: No matter how much the iPhone X costs and how much profit it makes for the company, it appears that assembling the things requires illegal student overtime. Apple has always driven a hard bargain with its suppliers. In this case, Taiwan’s Foxconn, already hit by iPhone X production delays reportedly saw its profits drop 42% in the most recent quarter. Possibly to make good, the company hired student interns who worked 11 hours a day to qualify for their graduation degrees. Student overtime is illegal in the country and Foxconn has said that it has a policy not to let students work overtime. Moreover, its internship programs are carried out in cooperation with local governments and vocational schools in China. But in this case, the students worked voluntarily and were compensated and given benefits, mainly because the policy hadn’t been adopted in some parts of its operations. It has confirmed that such a thing wouldn’t happen again. New Products/Technology Apple Self-Driving Car Research: Apple has published a paper on self-driving technology. The Nov 17 publication in online journal arXiv, written by researchers Yin Zhou and Oncel Tuzel describes advancements in 3D object detection. LiDAR takes a time of light approach, i.e. it shines light on an object and maps its return path to determine its shape and distance. Since it’s difficult to detect small or far-away objects in this way, the LiDAR system is paired with a camera, which however makes it more cumbersome. Apple’s researchers use complex computer vision and artificial intelligence to create a LiDAR-only system they call VoxelNet. They say that this system is more efficient and effective than the systems in use today. Apple SE 2 in 2018: According to media reports that quoted China’s Economic Daily News and MacRumors, Apple is set to launch the second version of iPhone SE, its low-end smartphone for emerging markets. The reports say that the phone will be assembled exclusively by Apple’s partner Wistron and will cost $450. So the launch of iPhone X and continuation of iPhone SE appear to be part of Apple’s strategy of expanding its product range to cater to a broader customer base. At the same time, it’s a way for Apple to benefit from higher volumes with the SE and greater profitability with the X. Apple remains a premium brand however since the SE is still more expensive than other low-end devices. Intel Could Increase iPhone Share in 2018: Well-known Apple analyst with a very good track record for breaking Apple News, Ming Ci Kuo estimates that Intel’s (INTC  -  Free Report)	 new modems will be in at least 70-80% of all iPhones next year. The XMM 7560 LTE modem is better than the currently-used XMM 7480 in terms of speed, power efficiency and compatibility with CDMA networks. Qualcomm’s new X20 LTE modem will also be an improvement over the currently-used X16, but Apple’s reluctance to use Qualcomm technology is not just about technology. It’s more about the souring relationship and the looming litigation between the two. Pixel Users Get Google Lens: Google Lens, the AI-powered visual search technology developed by Google, was initially announced in Google I/O 2017. Management said at the time that it would be integrated within Photos and Assistant in Pixel phones. But while some had seen it as part of Photos, the rollout to Assistant appears to be on now. Google says that the feature will be available in the U.S., U.K., Australia, Canada, India and Singapore.   AWS Secret Region for U.S. Intelligence Service: Amazon has launched a separate cloud service for U.S. intelligentsia called Secret Region. The storage space will be accessible only to the U.S. intelligence community and users with a Secret U.S. security classification and contract vehicles for using the service. Amazon signed the CIA in 2013 for a $600 million deal, so what seems to be an expansion of services for intelligence services of the government is a huge validation of the security and secrecy offered by Amazon. According to Amazon,  "With the launch of this new Secret Region, AWS becomes the first and only commercial cloud provider to offer regions to serve government workloads across the full range of data classifications, including Unclassified, Sensitive, Secret, and Top Secret." Collaborations and M&A Apple Pay Deal with French Bank: Apple Pay, which enables secure payments in stores, within apps and on the Internet using built-in fingerprint scanning on iPhones for authorization, has at last signed on a major French bank. Apple launched the service in France a year ago and has signed on some smaller banks to date, including a startup online bank. Apple Acquires Vrvana: Vrvana, the company that blends AR and VR experiences in a single headset called Totem, has been acquired for an estimated $30 million, according to TechCrunch. The company’s extended reality headset differs from other competing technologies like Microsoft Hololens in that it uses a system of cameras to track a user’s relative position with respect to his environment, as well as a separate set to track his hand gestures instead of transparent, projection-based displays used in the Hololens. This has minimized latency to 3 milliseconds, thus greatly improving upon the experience. For comparison, Facebook’s Oculus aims to deliver a latency of 20 milliseconds. Latency is an important factor driving user experience because high latency destroys the immersive feel and also leads to motion sickness. Apple has said for long that AR is a very big deal and some have rumored that it will ship its own AR device in 2020. As always, Apple doesn’t comment on rumors. Some Numbers Apple May Ship 4 Million HomePods in 2018: A Bloomberg report indicates that Apple will ship 4 million units when it launches in 2018. Amazon has sold 15 million Alexa units since the e-commerce giant launched them in 2015, according to CIRP LLC. Apple's device, however, focuses on sound quality, so there is a lot of speculation about its doubling as a music streaming device. It will have much fewer skills than competing digital home products from Amazon and Google, so it’s unlikely to be as useful. But Apple has a loyal customer base that usually laps up anything Apple has on offer, so they probably won’t grudge the $349 Apple intends to charge for the device. Investor Alert: Breakthroughs Pending A medical advance is now at the flashpoint between theory and realization. Billions of dollars in research have poured into it. Companies are already generating substantial revenue, and even more wondrous products are in the pipeline. Cures for a variety of deadly diseases are in sight, and so are big potential profits for early investors. Zacks names 5 stocks to buy now. Click here to see them >> Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE) - free report >> Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) - free report >> Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) - free report >> Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) - free report >> Apple Inc. (AAPL) - free report >> Intel Corporation (INTC) - free report >> Free Report for Zacks.com Visitors Our experts drilled through 220 Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys to catch the 7 that are most likely to jump in price immediately. For 28 years, the full Strong Buy list has averaged a stellar +25% per year. See its 7 best stocks now.    Privacy Policy | No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alibaba-baba-stock-getting-grilled/

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) is no stranger to controversy. BABA stock arrived in the United States in late 2014. From the moment it debuted on the New York Stock Exchange, Alibaba became a hotly-debated company. Its upside hardly needs description. As the leading online retail platform in China — soon to be the world’s largest market — the potential value is immense. Throw in its financial services arm, cloud computing division and hundreds of subsidiaries, and you have what seems like a global behemoth. But there’s another side to the Alibaba story. Short sellers have long hounded the firm, suggesting that it is too good to be true. A wave of Chinese firms went public, often via dubious reverse mergers, at the turn of the decade. A great number of these turned out to be frauds. American investors lost billions in one of the most shocking examples of corporate malfeasance in recent memory. While many American investors ended up betting against Chinese stocks during this period, one investor led the way. That would be Carson Block, the founder of Muddy Waters Research. Muddy Waters put out numerous reports highlighting supposed wrongdoing at various Chinese firms earlier this decade. Notable scalps included Sino-Forest, a Chinese timber company that purported to be a leading forest lands owner. The company obtained a multi-billion dollar valuation before Muddy Waters exposed the company’s fraudulent behavior. Famous investors, including John Paulson, were fleeced for hundreds of millions of dollars. Recently, Muddy Waters has turned its attention to corporate misdoing closer to home. Mr. Block, for example, recently sued Equifax Inc. (NYSE:EFX) in relation to that company’s historic data breach. Now, after a relatively quiet period, Muddy Waters is back on the prowl. They fired out this zinger of a tweet last week while linking to this blog post: “Entertaining and coherent dissection of how obviously fake BABA’s numbers are. Points out Singles Day claimed GMV exceeds ANNUAL rev of Sears/K-mart.” We’ll take more about said blog in a second. It’s also worth mentioning that the influential investing magazine Barron’s wrote about Muddy Waters‘ critique of BABA stock. On top of that, entrepreneur and Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban linked to the same blog post in a tweet addressed to President Trump suggesting more oversight of Alibaba’s operations. What did this anonymous blog post say that garnered attention from both Mr. Cuban and Muddy Waters? The attention-grabbing point was that Alibaba claims to have sold more merchandise in one day than Sears Holdings Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD) sells in an entire year at its more than 1,000 stores. If you don’t like the Sears analogy, consider that Alibaba claims to have sold as much stuff in one day as Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) sells in five months of operations. Implausible to say the least. How does Alibaba supposedly overstate its sales figures? Brushing is one common technique for inflating retail sales. Looking farther back into the blog’s archives, the author goes into much more detail. According to the Chinese government, the total online GMV (gross merchandise volume) is under $200 billion — Alibaba’s reported sales figures would account for 92% of the whole market. That doesn’t stack up, given the strong sales figures of JD.com Inc(ADR) (NASDAQ:JD) and other competitors. Alibaba also claims to be growing sales at a 50% annual rate, while the government says online sales are growing at less than 30% per year. The blog also notes discrepancies in accounting techniques, concerns about insider stock selling, questions about transactions with related parties and a whole host of other issues. It also remains an unsolved puzzle as to how Alibaba delivers so many goods despite a seemingly antiquated logistics system. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alibaba-baba-stock-getting-grilled/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://stocknews.com/news/baba-alibaba-group-holding-ltd-baba-unveils-its-retail-store-of/

BABA – Alibaba recently unveiled a futuristic new retail concept that features virtual fitting rooms and facial recognition. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) is the dominant e-commerce play in Asia, and it’s quickly expanding its reach in the physical world as well. Earlier this month, the China-based company pulled the cover off its new Tmall Supermart. The prototype store requires each and every visitor to first check in and register with their smartphone and a QR code, which links the shopper with their Alipay account. After that, they’re ready to shop, simply placing items in their cart. Some products even feature “emotional discounts,” which lower the price if the shopper smiles at the item. The bigger the smile, in some cases, the larger the discount. Retail Detail has more details on other BABA innovations in the stores: The entire shopping area also has smart mirrors, virtual fitting rooms and smart purchase machines that place their own orders and synchronize purchase information with the Tmall web shop. The goal is to allow people to try out new products through the machines and then they can buy those in larger numbers online. The machine indicates which popular products has more stock online or the other way around.  Payments are done in a booth, where the customer shows his face and therefore pays cashless and contact-free thanks to Alipay. Tmall Supermart is entirely focused on self-service, even though that is not a novelty for the Chinese market: Auchan previously launched unmanned convenience stores and Alibaba’s Hema grocery stores lack cash registers. While Alibaba could keep all this technology for itself, it could also choose to license it to other retailers (and collect fees to use it, along with the customary Alipay payment fees). Alibaba Group Holding Ltd shares were unchanged in premarket trading Wednesday. Year-to-date, BABA has gained 112.61%, versus a 19.28% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. BABA currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 77 stocks in the China category. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/29/next-financial-group-inc-boosts-stake-in-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba.html


					Posted by Rob Logan on Nov 29th, 2017 // No Comments  NEXT Financial Group Inc grew its holdings in  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) by 90.1% in the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 9,533 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after buying an additional 4,518 shares during the period. NEXT Financial Group Inc’s holdings in Alibaba Group were worth $1,701,000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.  Several other large investors have also modified their holdings of the business. Capital Research Global Investors grew its stake in shares of  Alibaba Group by 2.2% in the 2nd quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 33,618,382 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $4,736,830,000 after buying an additional 738,281 shares in the last quarter.  FMR LLC grew its stake in shares of  Alibaba Group by 42.5% in the 2nd quarter. FMR LLC now owns 25,278,081 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $3,561,681,000 after buying an additional 7,544,165 shares in the last quarter.  Jennison Associates LLC grew its stake in shares of  Alibaba Group by 3.3% in the 2nd quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 20,448,110 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $2,881,139,000 after buying an additional 661,109 shares in the last quarter.  Capital World Investors grew its stake in shares of  Alibaba Group by 5.7% in the 2nd quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 20,243,958 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $2,852,374,000 after buying an additional 1,091,620 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. lifted its holdings in shares of  Alibaba Group by 5.4% in the 2nd quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 12,234,002 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $1,723,771,000 after acquiring an additional 626,446 shares during the last quarter. 38.13% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  Shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) traded down $7.98 during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $178.71. 34,338,358 shares of the company’s stock traded hands, compared to its average volume of 14,893,909. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.21, a quick ratio of 1.71 and a current ratio of 1.71. Alibaba Group Holding Limited has a twelve month low of $86.01 and a twelve month high of $191.75. The firm has a market cap of $489,667.06, a PE ratio of 55.58, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 1.45 and a beta of 2.61.  Several research firms have recently issued reports on BABA. Vetr upgraded shares of Alibaba Group from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $209.21 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday. Needham & Company LLC raised their target price on shares of Alibaba Group from $155.00 to $190.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, August 18th. Royal Bank Of Canada lifted their price objective on shares of Alibaba Group from $160.00 to $185.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, August 18th. Bank of America lifted their price objective on shares of Alibaba Group from $180.00 to $193.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, August 18th. Finally, KeyCorp  set a $182.00 price objective on shares of Alibaba Group and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, August 18th. One investment analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned  a hold rating, thirty-one have assigned  a buy rating and two have issued  a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $184.52. WARNING: This article was  reported by The Ledger Gazette and is owned by of The Ledger Gazette. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/29/next-financial-group-inc-boosts-stake-in-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba.html.  About Alibaba Group Alibaba Group Holding Limited is a holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the Company is engaged in online and mobile commerce through offering of products, services and technology that enable merchants, brands and other businesses to transform the way they market, sell and operate in the People’s Republic of China (China) and internationally.   Receive News & Ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alibaba Group Holding Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://www.thestreetpoint.com/2017/11/30/illiquidity-and-stock-returns-alibaba-group-holding-limited-nysebaba-a-specialty-retail-other-company/

U.S. stock index futures pointed to a higher open Wednesday, as Wall Street looked to build on a strong performance from the previous session.  On the other hand, U.S. stocks gave up early gains as a selloff in technology shares from Apple Inc. to Amazon.com Inc. dragged down major indexes. Treasuries dropped after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen called economic growth “increasingly broad based.” Shares of Amazon, Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Facebook fell between 2 percent and 4 percent. Among other high fliers this year, Netflix sank 5.5 percent and the Philadelphia semiconductor index dropped 4.4 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 103.97 points, or 0.44 percent, to 23,940.68, the S&P 500 lost 0.97 points, or 0.04 percent, to 2,626.07 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 88.02 points, or 1.27 percent, to 6,824.34. While Amazon dropped, shares of other retailers posted sharp gains, including Target up 8.9 percent and Macy’s up 8.2 percent, as holiday shopping season has started in earnest over the past week. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE: BABA) has became attention seeker from the inquisitor when it experienced a change of -3.63% Whereas, in last 21 trading days was -0.92% and moved up in last 63 trading days of 5.06%. Looking further out we can see that the stock has moved 104.89% over the year to date. Along with these its last twelve month performance is stands at 89.40% while moved 45.12% for the past six months according to Finviz reported data. Analytical Significance of Simple Moving Average The SMA200 of the stock is at 24.51%, SMA20 is -3.42%, while SMA50 is -0.30%. BABA’s relative volume was 2.31. Relative volume is a great indicator to keep a close eye on, but like most indicators it works best in conjunction with other indicators and on different time frames. Higher relative volume you will have more liquidity in the stock which will tighten spreads and allow you to trade with more size without a ton of slippage. BABA’s overall volume in the last trading session was 40,046,280 shares. Important Technical Indicators to keep in Focus:- A statistical measure of the dispersion of returns (volatility) for BABA producing salvation in Investors mouth, it has week volatility of 2.62% and for the month booked as 2.20%. Regardless of which metric you utilize, a firm understanding of the concept of volatility and how it is measured is essential to successful investing. A stock that maintains a relatively stable price has low volatility. When investing in a volatile security, the risk of success is increased just as much as the risk of failure.  Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s beta is – whilst the stock has an average true range (ATR) of 4.56. Other technical indicators are worth considering in assessing the prospects for EQT. RSI for instance is currently at 44.08. It is common practice for investors to use the price-to-earnings ratio (P/E ratio or price multiple) to determine if a company’s stock price is over or undervalued. Companies with a high P/E ratio are typically growth stocks. However, their relatively high multiples do not necessarily mean their stocks are overpriced and not good buys for the long term. The PEG ratio shows us that, when compare to the beer company, the always-popular tech company doesn’t have the growth rate to justify its higher P/E, and its stock price appears overvalued. Alibaba Group Holding Limited’s currently has a PEG ratio of 10.15 where as its P/E ratio is 50.37. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 15.34, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 9.38, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 18.32. Should You Go With High Insider Ownership? Many value investors look for stocks with a high percent of insider ownership, under the theory that when management are shareholders, they will act in its own self interest, and create shareholder value in the long-term. This aligns the interests of shareholders with management, thus benefiting everyone. While this sounds great in theory, high insider ownership can actually lead to the opposite result, a management team that is unaccountable because they can keep their jobs under almost any circumstance. Currently Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA)’s shares owned by insiders are 52.36%, whereas shares owned by institutional owners are 40.70%. November 30, 2017 November 30, 2017 November 30, 2017  



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 U.S. stock index futures pointed to a higher open Wednesday, as Wall Street looked to build on a strong performance from the previous session. On the other hand, U.S. stocks …  November 30, 2017 November 30, 2017 November 30, 2017 November 30, 2017 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/29/what-do-insider-trends-have-to-say-about-alibaba-group-holding-limited-baba-3/

Recent insider trends for Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) have caught the attention of investors. Patters in insider activity can help analysts formulate an outlook for a stock. In the case of BABA, the data has a lot to say about how the stock might perform going forward. Institutions own 38.40% of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA)’s shares. The total value of these holdings, in millions, is $184,948. Among active positions in the latest quarter, 571 holders increased their positions by a total of 81.51 million shares, 427 holders decreased the positions by a total of 59.84 million shares, and 136 holders held their positions. This works out to a net increase in ownership of 21.67 million shares, and suggests that institutions are feeling bullish about the stock. Among new and sold out positions, 159 holders initiated new positions by a total of 12.84 million shares and 44 holders exited their positions by a total of 3.18 million shares. This nets out to an increase of 9.66 million shares and is a bullish sign for BABA. Insider ownership increased by a total of 0 shares, which suggests that BABA’s key executives are feeling more optimistic about the outlook for the stock. The data from the past twelve months tells a similar story: ownership increased by a net of 0 shares. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The analysis of insider buying and selling trends can be extended to the aggregate level. Short interest, which represents the number of a stock’s shares currently being shorted, captures what the market as a whole feels about a stock. Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA)’s short interest is 120.65 million shares, or % of the float. This represents a decrease of -2% in the number of shares being shorted compared to the previous reading, and implies that investors felt less pessimistic about the stock during the past two weeks. Ownership trends and trading patterns can be useful tools for predicting a stock’s performance, but it’s also important to consider the technicals in order to form a more comprehensive view. A composite of 13 technical indicators that includes measures such as moving averages and momentum oscillators suggests that BABA is a buy, which implies that BABA is expected to outperform the market based on prior trading patterns. Conclusion 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Institutional ownership trends suggest that the stock is cheap and the insider trading data indicates that insiders are bullish. Technical indicators (also) suggest that Alibaba Group Holding Limited (NYSE:BABA) is undervalued. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alibaba-baba-stock-getting-grilled/

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA) is no stranger to controversy. BABA stock arrived in the United States in late 2014. From the moment it debuted on the New York Stock Exchange, Alibaba became a hotly-debated company. Its upside hardly needs description. As the leading online retail platform in China — soon to be the world’s largest market — the potential value is immense. Throw in its financial services arm, cloud computing division and hundreds of subsidiaries, and you have what seems like a global behemoth. But there’s another side to the Alibaba story. Short sellers have long hounded the firm, suggesting that it is too good to be true. A wave of Chinese firms went public, often via dubious reverse mergers, at the turn of the decade. A great number of these turned out to be frauds. American investors lost billions in one of the most shocking examples of corporate malfeasance in recent memory. While many American investors ended up betting against Chinese stocks during this period, one investor led the way. That would be Carson Block, the founder of Muddy Waters Research. Muddy Waters put out numerous reports highlighting supposed wrongdoing at various Chinese firms earlier this decade. Notable scalps included Sino-Forest, a Chinese timber company that purported to be a leading forest lands owner. The company obtained a multi-billion dollar valuation before Muddy Waters exposed the company’s fraudulent behavior. Famous investors, including John Paulson, were fleeced for hundreds of millions of dollars. Recently, Muddy Waters has turned its attention to corporate misdoing closer to home. Mr. Block, for example, recently sued Equifax Inc. (NYSE:EFX) in relation to that company’s historic data breach. Now, after a relatively quiet period, Muddy Waters is back on the prowl. They fired out this zinger of a tweet last week while linking to this blog post: “Entertaining and coherent dissection of how obviously fake BABA’s numbers are. Points out Singles Day claimed GMV exceeds ANNUAL rev of Sears/K-mart.” We’ll take more about said blog in a second. It’s also worth mentioning that the influential investing magazine Barron’s wrote about Muddy Waters‘ critique of BABA stock. On top of that, entrepreneur and Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban linked to the same blog post in a tweet addressed to President Trump suggesting more oversight of Alibaba’s operations. What did this anonymous blog post say that garnered attention from both Mr. Cuban and Muddy Waters? The attention-grabbing point was that Alibaba claims to have sold more merchandise in one day than Sears Holdings Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD) sells in an entire year at its more than 1,000 stores. If you don’t like the Sears analogy, consider that Alibaba claims to have sold as much stuff in one day as Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) sells in five months of operations. Implausible to say the least. How does Alibaba supposedly overstate its sales figures? Brushing is one common technique for inflating retail sales. Looking farther back into the blog’s archives, the author goes into much more detail. According to the Chinese government, the total online GMV (gross merchandise volume) is under $200 billion — Alibaba’s reported sales figures would account for 92% of the whole market. That doesn’t stack up, given the strong sales figures of JD.com Inc(ADR) (NASDAQ:JD) and other competitors. Alibaba also claims to be growing sales at a 50% annual rate, while the government says online sales are growing at less than 30% per year. The blog also notes discrepancies in accounting techniques, concerns about insider stock selling, questions about transactions with related parties and a whole host of other issues. It also remains an unsolved puzzle as to how Alibaba delivers so many goods despite a seemingly antiquated logistics system. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alibaba-baba-stock-getting-grilled/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/alibaba-baba-announces-proposed-offering-140302193.html

Alibaba Group Holding Limited BABA) recently announced that it intends to sell U.S. dollar-denominated senior unsecured notes in an underwritten registered public offering. The interest rate, conversion rate and certain other terms of the notes are yet to be determined. The Chinese e-commerce goliath stated that the net proceeds would be used for general corporate purposes. On a year-to-date basis, shares of Alibaba have steadily treaded higher. The stock has returned 117.7% compared with the industry’s gain of 65.6%. Alibaba’s Cash Position As of Sep 30, 2017, the company had cash equivalents and marketable securities balance of almost RMB159.9 (US$24.0 million) billion compared with RMB148.2 (US$21.9 million) in the prior quarter. Also, the company generated RMB30.5 billion (US$4.59 billion) of cash from operations and RMB22.5 billion (US$3.4 billion) of non-GAAP free cash flow. We believe that the company has a strong balance sheet, which will help it in capitalizing on investment opportunities and pursuing strategic acquisitions, further improving its growth prospects. Moreover, the senior notes offering will bring down the company’s cost of capital, thus strengthening its balance sheet and supporting growth. Bottom Line Alibaba Group caters mainly to its native market. We remain positive about the company’s market position, expanding customer base androbust growth in core e-commerce business. Also, its high revenues and strong metrics growth are big positives. We believe that the company is being driven by mobile and international expansion. Alibaba Group Holding Limited Price and Consensus   Alibaba Group Holding Limited Price and Consensus | Alibaba Group Holding Limited Quote Zacks Rank and Stocks to Consider Alibaba currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). A few better-ranked stocks in the broader technology sector are Groupon Inc. GRPN, PetMed Express, Inc. PETS and SMART Global Holdings, Inc. SGH, each carrying a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Long-term earnings per share growth rate for Groupon, PetMed Express and SMART Global is projected to be 10%, 10% and 15%, respectively. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars? Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report PetMed Express, Inc. (PETS) : Free Stock Analysis Report Groupon, Inc. (GRPN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) : Free Stock Analysis Report SMART Global Holdings, Inc. (SGH) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

