https://techcrunch.com/2017/11/30/google-datally-data-saver/

Google’s newest app for emerging markets is a service that helps control data usage on a smartphone and get more for your top-up credit. Datally, which is available for Android devices worldwide from today, applies granular control to enable a user to monitor use of data on their phone and cut data usage on any app as they please. The app design is simple and it appears to be effective. A pilot test in the Philippines gained 500,000 users who typically saved 30 percent of their data plan using the app. That makes particular sense in emerging markets like India, where the app is primarily focused, and Southeast Asia, where it was trialled, since most smartphone owners have prepaid SIM cards which take them offline when the credit is spent. Beyond helping cut out data-heavy apps when a user wants to focus on a different service or app, Datally also provides an update on how much data each app is consuming — Google calls this a ‘speedometer for data’ — and it alerts users when they are near to a public WiFi point. That latter point ties into Google’s free WiFi push which has seen it roll out free hotspots across India, including over 100 train stations, and expand the initiative into Southeast Asia, too.  “There is, in my view, a Silicon Valley blindspot. That is why with things like Next Billion Users initiative at Google, we are building technology which we know is meant for these markets. When we solve it, it brings those technologies to the world,” Peeyush Ranjan, VP of engineering for Google’s Next Billion Users initiative, told FactorDaily in an interview. Other Next Billion initiatives include India-based payment service Tez, a storage saver app and a data-light version of YouTube. Google has also made acquisitions to bring engineering talent to the initiative. It snapped up Halli Labs, a Indian AI startup led by ex Twitter data scientist Pankaj Gupta, this year and bought the team behind Singapore-based enterprise chat startup Pie in 2016. 

http://bgr.com/2017/11/30/datally-android-internet-saving-app-download-google-play/

Known as Triangle when it was first published back in June, Google’s brilliant Android app that will help you micromanage your mobile data is now available for download globally.  However, you’ll have to look for Datally in the Play store, as that’s what the app is now called.  Don't Miss: This $50 box gives you unlimited home phone service using your Google Voice number Datally will do that for you, giving you various tools to keep track of data usage and conserve data whenever possible.  The app uses a VPN to track the data usage of every app, it tells you in real time how much data an app is using at any given point, and offers you a straightforward interface that lets you quickly enable and disable data usage on an app-by-app basis.  Datally can also recommend nearby Wi-Fi networks that have already been rated by other users.  If you’re on an unlimited mobile plan, then preventing apps from consuming data is probably the last thing you want need to do. But if you’re on a capped mobile plan, where every megabyte of data counts, then you’re probably looking at ways to prevent data waste.  Datally should also come in handy when traveling abroad, as it can help you save on roaming surcharges. Rather than having a bunch of apps consume data in the background, you can allow only essential apps to access data while roaming. The following video demoes all the features of Datally, which can be downloaded at this link.  

https://thenextweb.com/apps/2017/11/30/googles-data-saver-app-for-android-gets-a-wi-fi-finder-and-a-new-name/


            by Abhimanyu Ghoshal
            — 
                        in Apps
 Back in June, Google quietly launched Triangle, an app to track which apps used mobile data on your Android device and restrict unwanted consumption. It’s now got a new name – Datally – and is available on Google Play globally. While Triangle was designed to give you control over apps to prevent them from chewing through your data plan – both during active use and while running in the background – Datally (a play on De Talli, which means ‘high five’ in Hindi) tacks on a public Wi-Fi Finder that will guide you to locations where you can hop online for free.  To get the most out of Datally, you’ll want to monitor which apps consume the most data, especially those that run in the background, and either restrict them, or ditch them and try alternatives. Additionally, hopping on Wi-Fi when it’s available near you could help you conserve your mobile data for when you need it most. FactorDaily notes that Google had been testing its data saver app in the Philippines, along with an additional feature that offered users free data in return for using certain apps. However, owing to the challenges in getting carriers and developers to play nice together to do so, it’s holding off on bringing this to India for the moment. Datally is the latest product of Google’s Next Billion Users initiative, which aims to make it easier for people in developing markets – especially those going online for the first time – to experience the mobile web with products designed to meet their needs and challenges. For users who are conscious of how much they spend on data, the company previously launched YouTube Go, a variant of the video platform’s main app, with additional features like the ability to download clips for offline playback; it also released Files Go, a free file manager that lets you share content stored on your phone with anyone else without the need for an internet connection. Give Datally a go by grabbing the free app on Google Play. 
Read next:

        Ex-Twitter employee explains how he deactivated Trump's account    
 

https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/nov/30/uk-class-action-accuses-google-of-unlawfully-harvesting-personal-data

Lawsuit claims tech firm bypassed iPhone default privacy settings between June 2011 and February 2012, affecting 5.4m people  Lawsuit claims tech firm bypassed iPhone default privacy settings between June 2011 and February 2012, affecting 5.4m people  
Graham Ruddick 

Thursday 30 November 2017 01.01 EST


Last modified on Thursday 30 November 2017 06.14 EST

 More than 5 million people in the UK could be entitled to compensation from Google if a class action against the internet giant for allegedly harvesting personal data is successful. A group led by the former executive director of consumer body Which?, Richard Lloyd, and advised by City law firm Mischon de Reya claims Google unlawfully collected personal information by bypassing the default privacy settings on the iPhone between June 2011 and February 2012. They have launched a legal action with the aim of securing compensation for those affected. The group, called Google You Owe Us, says that approximately 5.4 million people in Britain used the iPhone during this period and could be entitled to compensation. Google is accused of breaching principles in the UK’s data protection laws in a “violation of trust” against iPhone users. The lawsuit was unprecedented and represented “one of the biggest fights of my life”, said Lloyd, who has led legal actions against companies before. “I believe that what Google did was simply against the law. Their actions have affected millions, and we’ll be asking the courts to remedy this major breach of trust. “Through this action, we will send a strong message to Google and other tech giants in Silicon Valley that we’re not afraid to fight back if our laws are broken. “In all my years speaking up for consumers, I’ve rarely seen such as massive abuse of trust where so many people have no way to seek redress on their own.” He added: “This is … the first case of its kind in the UK against a major tech company for misusing our valuable personal data. “I want to spread the world about our claim. Google owes all of those affected fairness, trust and money. By joining together, we can show Google that they can’t get away with taking our data without our consent, and that no matter how large and powerful they are, nobody is above the law.” A Google spokesperson said: “This is not new. We have defended similar cases before. We don’t believe it has any merit and we will contest it.” 

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/29/technology/dji-china-data-drones.html

By PAUL MOZURNOV. 29, 2017
 SHANGHAI — D.J.I., the popular drone maker, stands as a symbol of China’s growing technology prowess. Its propeller-powered machines dominate global markets and buzz regularly over beaches, cityscapes at sunset and increasingly, power plants and government installations. Now D.J.I. is fighting a claim by one United States government office that its commercial drones and software may be sending sensitive information about American infrastructure back to China, in the latest clash over the power of data in the growing technological rivalry between the two countries. It also shows how consumer technology companies have become increasingly central to debates about national security. The company, formally named Da Jiang Innovations Science and Technology Company, put out a statement this month contesting the allegations made in a dispatch from United States customs officials. The memo, from the Los Angeles office of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement bureau, was dated in August but had begun to circulate online more recently. It said officials had “moderate confidence” that the D.J.I.’s commercial drones and software are “providing U.S. critical infrastructure and law enforcement data to the Chinese government.” It cited what it called a reliable source, who it did not identify, in the drone industry “with first and secondhand access.” Advertisement In a statement, D.J.I. said the report was “based on clearly false and misleading claims.” “The allegations in the bulletin are so profoundly wrong as a factual matter that ICE should consider withdrawing it, or at least correcting its unsupportable assertions,” the company said. Advertisement The I.C.E. memo focused on the drones used by companies and institutions, not the drones flown by hobbyists in the United States and elsewhere. D.J.I. dominates the overall drone market, with a nearly two-thirds share in the United States and Canada, according to Skylogic Research, a drone research firm. To grow beyond hobbyists, the company has been targeting commercial customers, like utilities, law enforcement and property developers. The allegations could not be independently confirmed, and a spokeswoman for I.C.E. declined to comment. In a statement to The New York Times, a D.J.I. spokesman said that users can control how much access the company can have to their data and that it shares data only “pursuant to appropriate legal process.” The accusations point to a broadening debate in both the United States and China over how to secure vast data reserves that are being vacuumed up by commercial technology companies. Likened by metaphor-minded tech types to gold or oil, data has become a hugely valuable way to suss out market trends and target ads. Now equipped with remote sensing technology to monitor crops, infrared scanners to scrutinize power lines, cameras and tracking systems, drones — much like smartphones — are the stuff of espionage dreams. Customers often have little knowledge of where their data might end up, experts said, while D.J.I. and others give themselves considerable leeway in the fine print of their user agreements to transfer data across borders. 
                As consumer and commercial drones increase in popularity, the government is taking more steps to address safety concerns and regulate the aerial vehicles.             American intelligence and political circles are beginning to consider how companies and governments manage the data they collect. Given that major Chinese companies must maintain close ties to the government, new China tech players like D.J.I. have raised particular concerns. This summer, the United States Army issued guidance calling for forces to stop using D.J.I. drones because of unspecified security vulnerabilities. Yet those worries have not spread widely to customers, according to Colin Snow, chief executive of Skylogic. “Only those few who use drones around critical infrastructure are concerned and chose not to use D.J.I.,” Mr. Snow said in an email. “The rest don’t care because of the price/benefit of D.J.I. aircraft.” Advertisement Chinese officials expressed similar concerns in the wake of Edward J. Snowden’s disclosures that American companies aid in Washington’s electronic espionage efforts. A recent cybersecurity law calls for companies like Microsoft and Apple to store data within China’s borders. Earlier this year Apple said it would build a new data center in China to meet that requirement. The I.C.E. memo listed what it said were a number of examples of D.J.I. drones used in potentially sensitive areas. It said that a Department of Homeland Security facility built to study diseases that threaten American agriculture and public health used D.J.I. drones to assist with construction layout and security. The agency did not respond to a request for comment.  Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. View all New York Times newsletters. The memo said in other cases, water reserves, power plants, rail hubs and other large-scale infrastructure were often monitored by Chinese-made drones. “Much of the information collected includes proprietary and sensitive critical infrastructure data, such as detailed imagery of power control panels, security measures for critical infrastructure sites, or materials used in bridge construction,” the memo said. D.J.I. said that consumers have total control over whether to upload data, such as flight plans and video, to the company’s servers. Yet like many apps, the company’s software encourages such uploads. D.J.I.’s app offers an automatic function to store user flight logs periodically, though it can be turned off. Out of concerns about data protection, the company added a feature last year that allows a drone pilot to cut off any connection to the outside internet while flying. A new D.J.I. product set up to help large companies, government agencies, farms and law enforcement manage drones, uploads a large amount of critical data — like flight plans, video and location — to servers. D.J.I. said it was working out the terms of service for the product, and will likely include an option to allow companies to store data to their own servers. Similar concerns have emerged in China over Apple’s products. In particular, state-run media have showed how the iPhone keeps track of a user’s commonly visited locations. Turning off the function requires a journey deep into the phone’s settings. Apple has said it has strong data privacy and security protections in place in China. For D.J.I., questions about its data storage practices are not new. Last year company officials told The New York Times that it complied with Chinese government requests to hand over data it collects in China and Hong Kong. Advertisement More recently, one security expert recently outlined how D.J.I. left key digital information accessible to the public that could allow someone to look at customer data on its servers, including military and government flight logs. In a statement, D.J.I. said it hired an independent cybersecurity firm to investigate the report and the impact of any unauthorized access to consumer data. Dan Tentler, founder of Phobos Group, a computer-security company, said such weaknesses were often a bad sign. “In my experience doing security assessments I’ve never found a massive pile of egregiously staggering security problems somewhere to then find a shining, palace of hardened impenetrable security elsewhere in the org,” he wrote in a Twitter message. In terms of companies with major security vulnerabilities in one part of the company, he added, “it’ll be a Dumpster fire the whole way through.” An earlier version of this article gave the wrong surname for the chief executive of Skylogic, a drone research firm. He is Colin Snow, not Pine. Follow Paul Mozur on Twitter: @paulmozur A version of this article appears in print on November 30, 2017, on Page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: Drone Maker From China Clashes With U.S. Over Data.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe

 We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. 

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/29/technology/dji-china-data-drones.html

By PAUL MOZURNOV. 29, 2017
 SHANGHAI — D.J.I., the popular drone maker, stands as a symbol of China’s growing technology prowess. Its propeller-powered machines dominate global markets and buzz regularly over beaches, cityscapes at sunset and increasingly, power plants and government installations. Now D.J.I. is fighting a claim by one United States government office that its commercial drones and software may be sending sensitive information about American infrastructure back to China, in the latest clash over the power of data in the growing technological rivalry between the two countries. It also shows how consumer technology companies have become increasingly central to debates about national security. The company, formally named Da Jiang Innovations Science and Technology Company, put out a statement this month contesting the allegations made in a dispatch from United States customs officials. The memo, from the Los Angeles office of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement bureau, was dated in August but had begun to circulate online more recently. It said officials had “moderate confidence” that the D.J.I.’s commercial drones and software are “providing U.S. critical infrastructure and law enforcement data to the Chinese government.” It cited what it called a reliable source, who it did not identify, in the drone industry “with first and secondhand access.” Advertisement In a statement, D.J.I. said the report was “based on clearly false and misleading claims.” “The allegations in the bulletin are so profoundly wrong as a factual matter that ICE should consider withdrawing it, or at least correcting its unsupportable assertions,” the company said. Advertisement The I.C.E. memo focused on the drones used by companies and institutions, not the drones flown by hobbyists in the United States and elsewhere. D.J.I. dominates the overall drone market, with a nearly two-thirds share in the United States and Canada, according to Skylogic Research, a drone research firm. To grow beyond hobbyists, the company has been targeting commercial customers, like utilities, law enforcement and property developers. The allegations could not be independently confirmed, and a spokeswoman for I.C.E. declined to comment. In a statement to The New York Times, a D.J.I. spokesman said that users can control how much access the company can have to their data and that it shares data only “pursuant to appropriate legal process.” The accusations point to a broadening debate in both the United States and China over how to secure vast data reserves that are being vacuumed up by commercial technology companies. Likened by metaphor-minded tech types to gold or oil, data has become a hugely valuable way to suss out market trends and target ads. Now equipped with remote sensing technology to monitor crops, infrared scanners to scrutinize power lines, cameras and tracking systems, drones — much like smartphones — are the stuff of espionage dreams. Customers often have little knowledge of where their data might end up, experts said, while D.J.I. and others give themselves considerable leeway in the fine print of their user agreements to transfer data across borders. 
                As consumer and commercial drones increase in popularity, the government is taking more steps to address safety concerns and regulate the aerial vehicles.             American intelligence and political circles are beginning to consider how companies and governments manage the data they collect. Given that major Chinese companies must maintain close ties to the government, new China tech players like D.J.I. have raised particular concerns. This summer, the United States Army issued guidance calling for forces to stop using D.J.I. drones because of unspecified security vulnerabilities. Yet those worries have not spread widely to customers, according to Colin Snow, chief executive of Skylogic. “Only those few who use drones around critical infrastructure are concerned and chose not to use D.J.I.,” Mr. Snow said in an email. “The rest don’t care because of the price/benefit of D.J.I. aircraft.” Advertisement Chinese officials expressed similar concerns in the wake of Edward J. Snowden’s disclosures that American companies aid in Washington’s electronic espionage efforts. A recent cybersecurity law calls for companies like Microsoft and Apple to store data within China’s borders. Earlier this year Apple said it would build a new data center in China to meet that requirement. The I.C.E. memo listed what it said were a number of examples of D.J.I. drones used in potentially sensitive areas. It said that a Department of Homeland Security facility built to study diseases that threaten American agriculture and public health used D.J.I. drones to assist with construction layout and security. The agency did not respond to a request for comment.  Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. View all New York Times newsletters. The memo said in other cases, water reserves, power plants, rail hubs and other large-scale infrastructure were often monitored by Chinese-made drones. “Much of the information collected includes proprietary and sensitive critical infrastructure data, such as detailed imagery of power control panels, security measures for critical infrastructure sites, or materials used in bridge construction,” the memo said. D.J.I. said that consumers have total control over whether to upload data, such as flight plans and video, to the company’s servers. Yet like many apps, the company’s software encourages such uploads. D.J.I.’s app offers an automatic function to store user flight logs periodically, though it can be turned off. Out of concerns about data protection, the company added a feature last year that allows a drone pilot to cut off any connection to the outside internet while flying. A new D.J.I. product set up to help large companies, government agencies, farms and law enforcement manage drones, uploads a large amount of critical data — like flight plans, video and location — to servers. D.J.I. said it was working out the terms of service for the product, and will likely include an option to allow companies to store data to their own servers. Similar concerns have emerged in China over Apple’s products. In particular, state-run media have showed how the iPhone keeps track of a user’s commonly visited locations. Turning off the function requires a journey deep into the phone’s settings. Apple has said it has strong data privacy and security protections in place in China. For D.J.I., questions about its data storage practices are not new. Last year company officials told The New York Times that it complied with Chinese government requests to hand over data it collects in China and Hong Kong. Advertisement More recently, one security expert recently outlined how D.J.I. left key digital information accessible to the public that could allow someone to look at customer data on its servers, including military and government flight logs. In a statement, D.J.I. said it hired an independent cybersecurity firm to investigate the report and the impact of any unauthorized access to consumer data. Dan Tentler, founder of Phobos Group, a computer-security company, said such weaknesses were often a bad sign. “In my experience doing security assessments I’ve never found a massive pile of egregiously staggering security problems somewhere to then find a shining, palace of hardened impenetrable security elsewhere in the org,” he wrote in a Twitter message. In terms of companies with major security vulnerabilities in one part of the company, he added, “it’ll be a Dumpster fire the whole way through.” An earlier version of this article gave the wrong surname for the chief executive of Skylogic, a drone research firm. He is Colin Snow, not Pine. Follow Paul Mozur on Twitter: @paulmozur A version of this article appears in print on November 30, 2017, on Page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: Drone Maker From China Clashes With U.S. Over Data.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe

 We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. 

http://thehill.com/business-a-lobbying/362487-senate-gops-campaign-arm-stole-house-gop-donor-data-report

Employees of the National Republican Senatorial Committee (NRSC) stole fundraising data from the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC), according to a new report published Wednesday by Politico. The report, citing three individuals, said NRSC staffers who formally worked for the House campaign arm broke into the system to steal the information by using old logins. The stolen information reportedly includes personal information in addition to phone numbers and emails. “The individuals on these lists are guaranteed money,” one GOP fundraiser told Politico. “They will give. These are not your regular D.C. PAC list.”  The House campaign arm, which is gearing up for the 2018 midterm elections next year, learned of the breach in October, the report said. Chris Hansen, the executive director of the Senate campaign arm, dismissed the alleged theft in a statement to Politico. “This is utter nonsense. The NRSC and the NRCC have a close working relationship and at the end of the day, our shared goal is growing our majorities for years to come,” said Hansen. John Rogers, the House campaign arm’s executive director, said in his own statement to the news outlet that he trusts Hansen. “Chris Hansen is one of the most trustworthy people I have met in politics. If he says something I am going to believe him,” said Rogers.  “We meet regularly and share as much information as the law allows. We are both committed to helping each other grow our respective majorities.” View the discussion thread. 

https://techcrunch.com/2017/11/29/coinbase-internal-revenue-service-taxation/

Most digital currencies exist in a sort of twilight state just beyond the grasp of federal regulators, but the U.S. tax authority is starting to get savvy to this whole bitcoin thing. On Wednesday, a federal judge in San Francisco ruled that Coinbase must supply the IRS with identifying information on users who had more than $20,000 in annual transactions on its platform between 2013 and 2015. After noticing that the number of tax returns claiming gains from virtual currency didn’t line up with the emerging popularity of digital currencies like bitcoin as an investment vehicle, the IRS asked Coinbase to hand over a broad swath of information on its users. Coinbase pushed back, and now the court has landed on a compromise that the company is calling a “partial victory.” “Coinbase itself admits that the Narrowed Summons requests information regarding 8.9 million Coinbase transactions and 14,355 Coinbase account holders. That only 800 to 900 taxpayers reported gains related to bitcoin in each of the relevant years and that more than 14,000 Coinbase users have either bought, sold, sent or received at least $20,000 worth of bitcoin in a given year suggests that many Coinbase users may not be reporting their bitcoin gains,” the court documents read. While cryptocurrency users who value the relative decentralization and privacy afforded by digital currencies won’t be happy, Coinbase succeeded in limiting the government’s initial request for information on all Coinbase users who made transactions from 2013 to 2015 to the smaller subset of high-value users. The IRS initially requested nine kinds of user data, including “complete user profiles, know-your-customer due diligence, documents regarding third-party access, transaction logs, records of payments processed, correspondence between Coinbase and Coinbase users, account or invoice statements and records of payments.” Rejecting some of those requests, today the court narrowed the scope of documents that the IRS can request from Coinbase to taxpayer ID number, name, date of birth, address, transaction logs and account statements, deeming the rest of the documents “not necessary.” Again, these personal data requests will only apply to accounts that have bought, sold, sent or received more than $20,000 in any of those types of transactions between 2013 and 2015. As the court documents specify, the narrowed IRS request “applies to far fewer, but still more than 10,000, Coinbase account holders.” You can read the court decision in full below. 

http://mashable.com/2017/11/29/coinbase-cryptocurrency-irs-customer-data/

Most cryptocurrencies are pseudonymous, but some users of the digital exchange Coinbase are about to have their identities blown wide open thanks to the Tax Man.  A federal court Wednesday ruled that San Francisco-based Coinbase must turn over identifying information on users that engaged in at least $20,000 worth of transactions via the service in 2013, 2014, or 2015. It seems, the IRS alleges, that not all of them have been reporting their gains to Uncle Sam.  SEE ALSO: IRS targets Coinbase users in an attempt to thwart tax fraud So reports Bloomberg, which notes that U.S. Magistrate Judge Jacqueline Scott Corley found the IRS's demands to be reasonable. This is a turnaround from 2016, when the IRS asked for customer data spanning from 2013 to 2015. The company called that request overly broad, and in turn the government narrowed its request.    According to the judgement, Coinbase must turn over the following on the customers that fall within the IRS's search parameters: taxpayer ID, name, birth date, address, "records of account activity including transaction logs or other records identifying the date, amount, and type of transaction (purchase/sale/exchange), the post transaction balance, and the names of counterparties to the transaction," and "all periodic statements of account or invoices (or the equivalent)." Coinbase has in the past estimated that 14,355 users meet the IRS's criteria.  Oh pic.twitter.com/wXsc45pQBr — Bitfinex'ed🔥 #DontGetTethered (@Bitfinexed) November 29, 2017 A company spokesperson declined to comment on the ruling when reached by Mashable, however they did point us to a statement posted to Medium detailing what Coinbase is calling a "partial victory." "Although we are disappointed not to be able to entirely defeat the summons, we are proud to fight for our customers and in the result we were able to achieve as a small company against a large government agency," wrote Director of Communications David Farmer. He went on to note that this ruling applies to "less than 1% of our customer base," and that "we intend to notify impacted users in advance of any disclosure." The cryptocurrency crowd, meanwhile, is not holding back in how it views this decision. Hint: It's not favorable. The Director of Research at Coin Center, a non-profit group that advocates for pro-cryptocurrency public policy, had some particularly choice words. "While the court granted a narrowed version of the IRS’s original request for Coinbase customer data, we remain deeply unsatisfied with the lack of justification provided by the IRS," wrote Peter Van Valkenburgh. "Without better rationale for why these specific transactions were suspect, a similarly sweeping request could be made for customer data from any financial institution. It sets a bad precedent for financial privacy." Importantly, this judgement does not effect the majority of Coinbase's customers. It does, however, send a strong message to all of them: What you do on the blockchain might not stay on the blockchain.   

http://www.zdnet.com/article/irs-demands-14000-coinbase-user-records-of-bitcoin-transactions/

Security Singapore C2C marketplace turns to AI to combat fraud, improve UX 

