https://investorplace.com/2017/11/home-depot-inc-hd-stock-continue-marching-higher/

Home Depot Inc (NYSE:HD) has been a consistent winner. HD stock price is up 30% this year, 34% over the past 12 months and 170% over the past five years. Should investors take gains or stay on the bull train? The latter is most applicable, assuming you’re a long-term investor. If one were to book some profits or sell a few upside calls vs. their position, that is justifiable. However, there’s no reason for this secular winner to stop winning and therefore we should stay long. Here are three reasons why. One of the most unique things about Home Depot and Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW) is that they can hold their ground against Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). In a day and age where e-commerce is quickly sinking the ships of Macy’s Inc (NYSE:M), J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE:JCP), Sears Holding Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD) and many more, LOW and HD are doing fine. In fact, HD is doing better than fine. Last quarter the company reported earnings of $1.84 per share on revenue of $25 billion. Sales climbed 8% year-over-year while earnings ballooned 15%. Even more impressive? Comparable-store sales results came in at a blistering 7.9%. Can I buy a DeWalt drill, chop saw or tile cutter on Amazon? Yes, I can. And to some extent, that has to eat into Home Depot’s sales. But what about Christmas trees, spring flowers or vegetable plants? By and large, customers will keep going to Home Depot. Contractors need constant supplies — lumber, pipes, sheetrock, plywood, etc. They’re not going to wait a day or two to get them from Amazon, if it even sells it. Heck, even average Joes working on a home project won’t postpone it for each setback they face. They’re going to run up to Home Depot a few times on a Saturday or Sunday and get what they need. And since they’re not all experts, it helps being able to talk to employees about what wattage to use or what tools might be needed for the job at hand. Bottom line is, Home Depot has a place in the future of retail and there’s not much Amazon can do about it. At least not as quickly as it’s destroying other industries in retail. So what’s driving all these customers to hire contractors or take on home renovation projects of their own? A stronger economy and an improving housing market helps. As home values across America rise and as the economy strengthens, consumers are increasingly looking to own more homes. Some are looking to renovate, while others are looking to flip. Some may just want a more valuable home and finally have the money for that new kitchen, deck addition or finished basement. Whatever the project, the catalyst is the same: Our bank accounts are growing and the economy is more secure. That’s boosting the housing market and home spending. An unfortunate but true catalyst to HD stock price has been natural disasters — be they the hurricanes that ravished Texas and Florida, the forest fires out West or bulking up on generators and flashlights before a big blizzard. Next Page   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/home-depot-inc-hd-stock-continue-marching-higher/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/30/home-depot-hd-rating-increased-to-overweight-at-atlantic-securities.html


					Posted by David on Nov 30th, 2017 // No Comments  Home Depot (NYSE:HD) was upgraded by research analysts at Atlantic Securities from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note issued on Tuesday. The firm currently has a $174.95 target price on the home improvement retailer’s stock, up from their previous target price of $174.16. Atlantic Securities’ target price would suggest a potential downside of 1.30% from the company’s current price. Several other equities research analysts have also commented on HD. Jefferies Group  restated a “buy” rating and set a $182.00 price target on shares of Home Depot in a research note on Thursday, August 10th. Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “buy” rating and set a $178.00 price target on shares of Home Depot in a research note on Wednesday, August 16th. Telsey Advisory Group  restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Home Depot in a research note on Friday, August 11th. Wedbush  restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Home Depot in a research note on Wednesday, August 16th. Finally, Citigroup  restated a “buy” rating and set a $179.00 price target on shares of Home Depot in a research note on Wednesday, August 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, nineteen have given a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $176.42. Home Depot (NYSE HD) opened at $177.25 on Tuesday. Home Depot has a 12-month low of $128.68 and a 12-month high of $178.43. The firm has a market capitalization of $206,189.45, a PE ratio of 24.52, a P/E/G ratio of 1.79 and a beta of 1.08. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 9.54, a quick ratio of 0.39 and a current ratio of 1.23.  Home Depot (NYSE:HD) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, November 14th. The home improvement retailer reported $1.84 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.81 by $0.03. Home Depot had a return on equity of 238.88% and a net margin of 8.66%. The firm had revenue of $25.03 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.53 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.60 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.1% compared to the same quarter last year.  analysts predict that  Home Depot will post 7.37 EPS for the current fiscal year.  In other news, EVP Matt Carey sold 32,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, September 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $157.10, for a total value of $5,027,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 62,483 shares in the company, valued at $9,816,079.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. 0.26% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders.  Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Janus Henderson Group PLC grew its stake in  Home Depot by 2,013.2% during the 2nd quarter. Janus Henderson Group PLC now owns 3,319,727 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock valued at $509,247,000 after purchasing an additional 3,162,631 shares in the last quarter.  Capital International Investors grew its stake in  Home Depot by 132.5% during the 3rd quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 3,268,036 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock valued at $534,520,000 after purchasing an additional 1,862,134 shares in the last quarter.  Harbour Capital Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in  Home Depot by 15,121.1% during the 2nd quarter. Harbour Capital Advisors LLC now owns 1,865,037 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock worth $12,158,000 after buying an additional 1,852,784 shares during the last quarter.  Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. lifted its holdings in  Home Depot by 43.4% during the 1st quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 5,731,806 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock worth $841,602,000 after buying an additional 1,734,963 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Stifel Financial Corp lifted its holdings in  Home Depot by 8,118.8% during the 3rd quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 1,174,227 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock worth $191,976,000 after buying an additional 1,159,940 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  69.70% of the company’s stock.  TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Home Depot (HD) Rating Increased to Overweight at Atlantic Securities” was  posted by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/30/home-depot-hd-rating-increased-to-overweight-at-atlantic-securities.html.  Home Depot Company Profile The Home Depot, Inc (The Home Depot) is a home improvement retailer. The Company sells an assortment of building materials, home improvement products, and lawn and garden products, and provides various services. The Home Depot stores serves three primary customer groups: do-it-yourself (DIY) customers, do-it-for-me (DIFM) customers and professional customers.   Receive News & Ratings for Home Depot Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Home Depot Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://weekherald.com/2017/11/30/robert-w-baird-increases-home-depot-inc-the-hd-price-target-to-185-00.html


					Posted by Samantha Guadardo on Nov 30th, 2017 // No Comments  Robert W. Baird set a $185.00 price objective on Home Depot (NYSE:HD)  in a report released on Tuesday, November 14th. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the home improvement retailer’s stock. The analysts noted that the move was a valuation call. Several other research analysts have also commented on HD. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Home Depot from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $167.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, August 24th. Bank of America boosted their target price on shares of Home Depot from $170.00 to $190.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 8th. Longbow Research  reissued a buy rating and set a $175.00 target price on shares of Home Depot in a research report on Monday, August 14th. BidaskClub downgraded shares of Home Depot from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Wednesday, August 23rd. Finally, Barclays  set a $165.00 price objective on shares of Home Depot and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, August 16th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned  a hold rating, nineteen have given a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Home Depot presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $176.42. Home Depot (NYSE HD) opened at $177.25 on Tuesday. Home Depot has a 52 week low of $128.68 and a 52 week high of $178.43. The company has a quick ratio of 0.39, a current ratio of 1.23 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 9.54. The company has a market cap of $206,189.45, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.52, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 1.79 and a beta of 1.08.  Home Depot (NYSE:HD) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, November 14th. The home improvement retailer reported $1.84 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.81 by $0.03. Home Depot had a net margin of 8.66% and a return on equity of 238.88%. The firm had revenue of $25.03 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.53 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.60 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.1% compared to the same quarter last year.  sell-side analysts anticipate that  Home Depot will post 7.37 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, December 14th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, November 30th will be paid a dividend of $0.89 per share. This represents a $3.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.01%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, November 29th. Home Depot’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 49.44%.  In other news, EVP Matt Carey sold 32,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, September 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $157.10, for a total value of $5,027,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 62,483 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $9,816,079.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own  0.26% of the company’s stock.  A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. American Beacon Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of  Home Depot in the 1st quarter valued at $100,000.  Jacobi Capital Management LLC increased its holdings in shares of  Home Depot by 16.4% in the 2nd quarter. Jacobi Capital Management LLC now owns 717 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock valued at $108,000 after acquiring an additional 101 shares during the period.  Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. increased its holdings in shares of  Home Depot by 114.1% in the 1st quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 745 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after acquiring an additional 397 shares during the period.  Burt Wealth Advisors increased its holdings in shares of  Home Depot by 83.5% in the 3rd quarter. Burt Wealth Advisors now owns 870 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock valued at $142,000 after acquiring an additional 396 shares during the period.  Finally, Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC grew its position in  Home Depot by 63.4% in the 3rd quarter. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC now owns 876 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock valued at $145,000 after buying an additional 340 shares during the last quarter. 69.70% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.  Home Depot Company Profile The Home Depot, Inc (The Home Depot) is a home improvement retailer. The Company sells an assortment of building materials, home improvement products, and lawn and garden products, and provides various services. The Home Depot stores serves three primary customer groups: do-it-yourself (DIY) customers, do-it-for-me (DIFM) customers and professional customers.   Receive News & Ratings for Home Depot Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Home Depot Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/home-depot-inc-hd-stock-continue-marching-higher/

Home Depot Inc (NYSE:HD) has been a consistent winner. HD stock price is up 30% this year, 34% over the past 12 months and 170% over the past five years. Should investors take gains or stay on the bull train? The latter is most applicable, assuming you’re a long-term investor. If one were to book some profits or sell a few upside calls vs. their position, that is justifiable. However, there’s no reason for this secular winner to stop winning and therefore we should stay long. Here are three reasons why. One of the most unique things about Home Depot and Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW) is that they can hold their ground against Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). In a day and age where e-commerce is quickly sinking the ships of Macy’s Inc (NYSE:M), J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE:JCP), Sears Holding Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD) and many more, LOW and HD are doing fine. In fact, HD is doing better than fine. Last quarter the company reported earnings of $1.84 per share on revenue of $25 billion. Sales climbed 8% year-over-year while earnings ballooned 15%. Even more impressive? Comparable-store sales results came in at a blistering 7.9%. Can I buy a DeWalt drill, chop saw or tile cutter on Amazon? Yes, I can. And to some extent, that has to eat into Home Depot’s sales. But what about Christmas trees, spring flowers or vegetable plants? By and large, customers will keep going to Home Depot. Contractors need constant supplies — lumber, pipes, sheetrock, plywood, etc. They’re not going to wait a day or two to get them from Amazon, if it even sells it. Heck, even average Joes working on a home project won’t postpone it for each setback they face. They’re going to run up to Home Depot a few times on a Saturday or Sunday and get what they need. And since they’re not all experts, it helps being able to talk to employees about what wattage to use or what tools might be needed for the job at hand. Bottom line is, Home Depot has a place in the future of retail and there’s not much Amazon can do about it. At least not as quickly as it’s destroying other industries in retail. So what’s driving all these customers to hire contractors or take on home renovation projects of their own? A stronger economy and an improving housing market helps. As home values across America rise and as the economy strengthens, consumers are increasingly looking to own more homes. Some are looking to renovate, while others are looking to flip. Some may just want a more valuable home and finally have the money for that new kitchen, deck addition or finished basement. Whatever the project, the catalyst is the same: Our bank accounts are growing and the economy is more secure. That’s boosting the housing market and home spending. An unfortunate but true catalyst to HD stock price has been natural disasters — be they the hurricanes that ravished Texas and Florida, the forest fires out West or bulking up on generators and flashlights before a big blizzard. Next Page   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/home-depot-inc-hd-stock-continue-marching-higher/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://screenrant.com/avengers-infinity-war-hd-trailer-images/


 The first trailer for Avengers: Infinity War has finally arrived, revealing Thanos’ attack on Earth, Spider-Man in his new suit, Iron Man teaming up with Doctor Strange, Team Cap leading an army of Wakandans with Black Panther, Thor meeting the Guardians of the Galaxy, and more. As the culmination of the 18 films preceding it, Infinity War is poised to be one of the biggest event films of all time, not only tying together the sprawling story of the various Infinity Stones, but also bringing together the largest number of Marvel heroes ever seen on screen at one time and possibly even serving as the end of the road for some beloved characters before moving on into a completely new age of the post-Avengers MCU. We were able to gather a collection of some of the trailer’s biggest moments, giving the best look yet at the new and returning characters, costumes, equipment, and Easter eggs galore. See them for yourself in the gallery below. The newly revealed synopsis teases a powerful Thanos the Mad Titan who’s on a path of “devastation and ruin.” An unprecedented cinematic journey ten years in the making and spanning the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe, Marvel Studios’ “Avengers: Infinity War” brings to the screen the ultimate, deadliest showdown of all time. The Avengers and their Super Hero allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe. Anthony and Joe Russo direct the film, which is produced by Kevin Feige. Louis D’Esposito, Victoria Alonso, Michael Grillo and Stan Lee are the executive producers. Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely wrote the screenplay. “Avengers: Infinity War” releases in U.S. theaters on May 4, 2018. If you’re looking for additional analysis, check out our coverage so far: Now that the trailer is finally dropped, we can expect some more official marketing to begin slowly leaking out, teasing more plot details and other juicy tidbits. While the full-blown marketing won’t kick off for a while yet, the movie arrives in less than 6 months, so we can expect Marvel to begin hyping it up even more once we’re into 2018. Did you catch anything exciting in the trailer or images that gets you excited for the movie? Let us hear about it in the comments!   

https://screenrant.com/avengers-infinity-war-hd-trailer-images/


 The first trailer for Avengers: Infinity War has finally arrived, revealing Thanos’ attack on Earth, Spider-Man in his new suit, Iron Man teaming up with Doctor Strange, Team Cap leading an army of Wakandans with Black Panther, Thor meeting the Guardians of the Galaxy, and more. As the culmination of the 18 films preceding it, Infinity War is poised to be one of the biggest event films of all time, not only tying together the sprawling story of the various Infinity Stones, but also bringing together the largest number of Marvel heroes ever seen on screen at one time and possibly even serving as the end of the road for some beloved characters before moving on into a completely new age of the post-Avengers MCU. We were able to gather a collection of some of the trailer’s biggest moments, giving the best look yet at the new and returning characters, costumes, equipment, and Easter eggs galore. See them for yourself in the gallery below. The newly revealed synopsis teases a powerful Thanos the Mad Titan who’s on a path of “devastation and ruin.” An unprecedented cinematic journey ten years in the making and spanning the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe, Marvel Studios’ “Avengers: Infinity War” brings to the screen the ultimate, deadliest showdown of all time. The Avengers and their Super Hero allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe. Anthony and Joe Russo direct the film, which is produced by Kevin Feige. Louis D’Esposito, Victoria Alonso, Michael Grillo and Stan Lee are the executive producers. Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely wrote the screenplay. “Avengers: Infinity War” releases in U.S. theaters on May 4, 2018. If you’re looking for additional analysis, check out our coverage so far: Now that the trailer is finally dropped, we can expect some more official marketing to begin slowly leaking out, teasing more plot details and other juicy tidbits. While the full-blown marketing won’t kick off for a while yet, the movie arrives in less than 6 months, so we can expect Marvel to begin hyping it up even more once we’re into 2018. Did you catch anything exciting in the trailer or images that gets you excited for the movie? Let us hear about it in the comments!   

https://www.pcmag.com/review/357611/guardzilla-360-hd-security-camera

Sharp HD video. Panoramic 360-degree view. Professional monitoring available.  Glitchy app. Some features don't work in testing. Blurry night vision quality. The Guardzilla 360 HD Security Camera gets you a full 360-degree view of your room, motion detection, and an option for professional monitoring, but a few of its features didn't work in testing.  Most indoor home security cameras give you a fixed view of specific areas of your house such as doorways, foyers, and windows, unless you opt for a wide-angle camera such as the D-Link Full HD 180-Degree Wi-Fi or a mechanical-panning camera like the Zmodo Pivot. The $229.99 Guardzilla 360 HD lets you monitor an entire room with its panoramic 360-degree camera, multiple motion sensors, and two-way audio. Alas, it had trouble responding to Alexa voice commands in testing, does support IFTTT recipes, and its night vision image quality is subpar. If you can live without the 360-degree view, the Nest Cam IQ offers better performance and integrations. As with the original Guardzilla, the Guardzilla 360 looks nothing like a typical home security camera. Its pyramid-shaped enclosure stands 3.7 inches tall and is 5.5 inches wide at its base. The 1,712-by-1,712-pixel camera is nestled in the tip of the enclosure and is surrounded by an LED ring that is red when the camera is armed (motion detection enabled) and green when it is disarmed (motion detection disabled). The camera uses 15 infrared LEDS (five on each side) to provide up to 18 feet of night vision, and contains three motion sensors, a speaker, a microphone, an internal 100dB siren, and three Call buttons you can program to have the camera send a push notification to up to three users to initiate two-way communication. When a motion sensor is triggered you can have Guardzilla send an alert via SMS, push notification, or email, and sound the siren if enabled. If you use the free storage plan the camera will record a five-second clip of the event and store it in the cloud for two days, but it won't record audio. For that, you'll have to subscribe to the Enhanced Plan ($4.99 per month or $49.99 per year), which also gives you 30-second clips of the last seven days. The Premium Plan ($8.99 per month, $89.99 per year) gets you 30-second clips of the last 30 days. Guardzilla also offers a no-contract professional monitoring service for $9.99 per month that will alert the local police if you do not respond within five minutes of a triggered alarm.  
View All 6 Photos in Gallery


 Ideally, the camera should be placed in the center of a room in order to take full advantage of its 360-degree field of view, but in reality that's not always so easy to do unless you happen to have an outlet in the middle of the room or if you place it on a kitchen island countertop. Otherwise, you'll have to deal with the power cord (and likely an extension cord) running across the floor to a wall outlet. A rechargeable battery option would be useful here. The app opens to a list of installed cameras. Tap the room you want to monitor to bring up the home screen which has six action buttons. The Status button shows the current status (armed, disarmed) and can be tapped to arm and disarm the camera. The Monitor button launches a live view that you can pan by swiping the screen or by moving your phone in any direction (it uses your phone's accelerometer). At the bottom of the screen are microphone, speaker, and snapshot buttons, and in the top right corner is a gear icon that launches a mini menu with a speaker volume slider, brightness and contrast controls, a Show POV button, and a Set POV button. The volume slider worked well enough, but the brightness controls only worked occasionally and the contrast controls didn't work at all. The POV buttons, used to select a target point of view for the camera, didn't work either. Tapping the Event History button displays a log of events such as when the camera has been armed and disarmed, as well as motion events with thumbnails of recorded video. The Settings button takes you to a screen with six buttons; the Home Automation button contains a sub-menu with buttons for Nest, IFTTT, Alexa, and Google Assistant. You can set up a Nest connection using the Nest button, but none of the other buttons actually does anything other than tell you to log in to the associated site and do a search for Guardzilla. The Professional Monitoring button offers information about how the service works and has a link to begin a free 30-day trial, and the Auto Arm button is where you go to enable and configure geofencing, which will arm the camera when you leave your home and disarm it when you return. Tap the Notification Settings button to enable email, text, and push notifications, and the Siren Settings button to enable or disable the siren and select a duration of between five and 120 seconds.  In the Other Settings menu you can manage account information, check the camera's signal strength, adjust motion sensitivity and picture quality, set up Call button contacts, and chose an arming delay setting that determines how much time you have before the camera becomes armed when you press the button. The Guardzilla 360 will set your Nest devices to Home or Away mode when the camera is armed or disarmed. It is also supposed to work with Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa devices and support integration with third-party devices via If This Then That (IFTTT) applets, but my test results say otherwise (more on this in the next section). Setup was a bit more difficult than necessary. I started by downloading the Guardzilla mobile app and creating an account. I tapped Camera List in the main menu, then Add Camera, and selected the 360 from the list. Following the in-app instructions, I plugged Guardzilla in and waited around 20 seconds for the LED ring to begin blinking blue, at which time a digital voice informed me that the camera was initialized. I hit Next, selected my Wi-Fi name, and entered my Wi-Fi password. Within seconds the camera emitted a chime, the LED ring turned green, and the digital voice told me that the connection was successful. I named the camera and received an error message that the camera was not found and that I could retry or scan the QR code on the bottom. I reset the camera and retried the installation, but received the same message. Finally, I used the QR scan option and was able to complete the installation. Performance was mixed. The Guardzilla 360 delivered sharp HD video with rich colors and no noticeable distortion, and two-way audio communication was clean with very little background noise. However, night vision video quality appeared dull and poorly lit, even with the brightness set to maximum. Lowering the setting made the image too dark, and I was unable to tweak the contrast setting. The siren was loud enough to be heard throughout my one-story three-bedroom home and basement.  Although I was able to pan around the room by changing the orientation of my phone, I found this feature to be more annoying than useful as the video stream appeared shaky when moving the phone around. Swiping the screen to pan is a much better option; with a little practice I was able to land on a specific spot in the room with one swipe. Motion detection worked wonderfully, and I received text messages and push notifications immediately following a motion event, but email notifications never arrived in my inbox. Getting the Alexa voice feature to work was hit or miss. Each time I used the Alexa skill, "Alexa, tell Guardzilla I am leaving," I was asked for my PIN number and told that the system was being armed. Alexa even acknowledged with, "See you later." However, out of a dozen attempts the system only armed itself once, and it never disarmed itself when I used the, "Alexa, tell Guardzilla I'm home," command, although Alexa did say "Guardzilla is disarming, glad you're back." Additionally, I was unable to create IFTTT recipes for this device; an IFTTT search for the Guardzilla 360 came up empty, despite the company's claims that it's IFTTT certified. On the plus side, the geofencing feature worked perfectly, arming the camera when I left my perimeter and disarming it upon my return, as did the Call button feature. Also, the iOS app was buggy in my testing. In addition to the above-mentioned issues with the POV and contrast controls, the app crashed frequently while I was changing settings and viewing live video. After updating the app to the latest version I still experienced crashes, although not as frequently, but the POV and contrast settings were still on the fritz and I began getting Connection Lost error messages that would pop up briefly, even though the camera remained online. The Guardzilla 360 provides a sharp, colorful 360-degree view of any room in your house, but it doesn't fare very well in low light. The camera's motion sensors did an impressive job of detecting real motion events alerts without any false alarms and generated text and push alerts in my tests, but I never did receive an email alert. The Call button feature worked like a charm and two-way audio was clean and loud, but Alexa voice compatibility was inconsistent and IFTTT support was nonexistent at the time of this writing. An unstable mobile experience made matters worse. If reliability, interoperability with other smart home devices, and overall image quality are more important than a 360-degree field of view, consider a camera like the Nest Cam IQ. It may cost a bit more, but it delivers very sharp daytime and nighttime video in 1080p, offers face recognition and motion and audio detection, and works with a generous assortment of smart home devices, including other Nest products and devices that support IFTTT. Bottom Line: The Guardzilla 360 HD Security Camera gets you a full 360-degree view of your room, motion detection, and an option for professional monitoring, but a few of its features didn't work in testing.  

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/home-depot-inc-hd-ex-dividend-date-scheduled-for-november-29-2017-cm883092

Home Depot, Inc. ( HD  ) will begin trading ex-dividend on November 29, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.89 per share is scheduled to be paid on December 14, 2017. Shareholders who purchased HD prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This marks the 4th quarter that HD has paid the same dividend. At the current stock price of $174.16, the dividend yield is 2.04%. The previous trading day's last sale of HD was $174.16, representing a -0.43% decrease from the 52 week high of $174.91 and a 35.35% increase over the 52 week low of $128.68. HD is a part of the Consumer Services sector, which includes companies such as Lowe's Companies, Inc. ( LOW  ) and Sherwin-Williams Company ( SHW  ). HD's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $7.2. Zacks Investment Research reports HD's forecasted earnings growth in 2018 as 14.29%, compared to an industry average of 5.6%. For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit the HD Dividend History  page. Our  Dividend Calendar  has the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today.  Interested in gaining exposure to HD through an Exchange Traded Fund [ETF]?   The following ETF(s) have HD as a top-10 holding:  SPDR Select Sector Fund - Consumer Discretionary (   XLY    ) iShares U.S. Consumer Services ETF (   IYC    ) Vanguard Consumer Discretion ETF (   VCR    ) Principal Millennials Index ETF (   GENY    ) Principal Price Setters Index ETF (   PSET    ).   The top-performing ETF of this group is GENY with an increase of 19.88% over the last 100 days. XLY has the highest percent weighting of HD at 7.53%. 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/28/home-depot-inc-the-hd-position-boosted-by-independence-trust-co.html


					Posted by Sebastian Weber on Nov 28th, 2017 // No Comments  Independence Trust CO increased its position in shares of  Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD) by 3.9% during the 2nd quarter, according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 37,007 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock after acquiring an additional 1,375 shares during the period. Home Depot comprises  6.7% of Independence Trust CO’s investment portfolio, making the stock its biggest position. Independence Trust CO’s holdings in Home Depot were worth $5,677,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.  A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of HD. Boston Partners acquired a new stake in  Home Depot in the 1st quarter valued at about $326,895,000.  Harbour Capital Advisors LLC raised its position in  Home Depot by 15,121.1% in the 2nd quarter. Harbour Capital Advisors LLC now owns 1,865,037 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock valued at $12,158,000 after purchasing an additional 1,852,784 shares in the last quarter.  Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. raised its position in  Home Depot by 43.4% in the 1st quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 5,731,806 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock valued at $841,602,000 after purchasing an additional 1,734,963 shares in the last quarter.  Jennison Associates LLC raised its position in  Home Depot by 14.4% in the 2nd quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 6,068,468 shares of the home improvement retailer’s stock valued at $930,903,000 after purchasing an additional 761,586 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Karp Capital Management Corp acquired a new stake in  Home Depot in the 1st quarter valued at about $99,739,000. 69.70% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors.  In other Home Depot news, EVP Matt Carey sold 32,000 shares of Home Depot stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, September 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $157.10, for a total value of $5,027,200.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 62,483 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,816,079.30. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own  0.26% of the company’s stock.  A number of research analysts have recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Home Depot from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $167.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday, August 24th. Robert W. Baird  set a $175.00 price objective on Home Depot and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 13th. Bank of America increased their price objective on Home Depot from $170.00 to $190.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 8th. Longbow Research  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $175.00 price objective on shares of Home Depot in a report on Monday, August 14th. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded Home Depot from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, August 23rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, nineteen have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Home Depot presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $175.94. Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE:HD) traded up $1.88 during trading hours on Tuesday, reaching $176.04. The company had a trading volume of 1,866,479 shares, compared to its average volume of 4,401,873. The stock has a market cap of $201,238.19, a P/E ratio of 23.93, a PEG ratio of 1.75 and a beta of 1.08. The company has a quick ratio of 0.39, a current ratio of 1.23 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 9.54. Home Depot, Inc. has a 12-month low of $128.68 and a 12-month high of $174.91.  Home Depot (NYSE:HD) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, November 14th. The home improvement retailer reported $1.84 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.81 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $25.03 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.53 billion. Home Depot had a return on equity of 238.88% and a net margin of 8.66%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 8.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.60 EPS.  equities research analysts predict that  Home Depot, Inc. will post 7.37 EPS for the current fiscal year.  The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, December 14th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, November 30th will be paid a $0.89 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, November 29th. This represents a $3.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.02%. Home Depot’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 49.44%.  TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Boosted by Independence Trust CO” was  published by The Ledger Gazette and is the sole property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/28/home-depot-inc-the-hd-position-boosted-by-independence-trust-co.html.  Home Depot Profile The Home Depot, Inc (The Home Depot) is a home improvement retailer. The Company sells an assortment of building materials, home improvement products, and lawn and garden products, and provides various services. The Home Depot stores serves three primary customer groups: do-it-yourself (DIY) customers, do-it-for-me (DIFM) customers and professional customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Home Depot, Inc. (The) (NYSE:HD).   Receive News & Ratings for Home Depot Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Home Depot Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/wednesday-vital-data-bank-america-corp-bac-roku-inc-roku-home-depot-inc-hd/

U.S. stock futures are trading broadly higher this morning, as Wall Street eyes Dow 24K. Positive sentiment is helping push the Dow Jones Industrial Average toward this record benchmark, after the Senate Budget Committee voted to advance a Republican tax bill. Economic data is also providing lift, with a second estimate on U.S. third-quarter gross domestic product, October pending home sales and the Federal Reserve’s Beige Book all slated to arrive later this morning. Heading into the open, Dow futures are up 0.34%, S&P 500 futures have added 0.08% and Nasdaq-100 futures are up 0.02%. On the options front, volume exploded on Tuesday as traders began to position themselves for the end of the month. Overall, more than 22 million calls and 14.5 million puts changed hands on the session. As for the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio plummeted to a five month low at 0.50, driving the 10-day moving average to a two month low at 0.62. Diving into Tuesday’s options activity, Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) drew a surge in call options activity after Dick Bove of Vertical Research Group listed BAC stock as a buy. Elsewhere, Roku Inc (NASDAQ:ROKU) faltered in is break-neck rally after bearish comments from Citron Research, and Home Depot Inc (NYSE:HD) was extremely call-heavy ahead of today’s ex-dividend date.  Buy Bank of America and short Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS); that’s what Vertical Research Group analyst Dick Bove told viewers of CNBC’s Trading Nation in a recent interview. “Bank of America is phenomenally good,” Bove told viewers, highlighting the company’s growth potential in deposits and calling for BAC stock to rise 10% per year for the next five years. Options traders rallied behind the bullish commentary. BAC stock saw volume soar to 576,000 contracts, or more than double the stock’s daily average. Calls made up an equally above average 80% of yesterday’s take. That bullish outlook remains largely long-term, however, as short-term BAC traders remain conservative. Specifically, the December put/call open interest ratio for BAC stock comes in at 0.81, with puts and calls in near parity. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/wednesday-vital-data-bank-america-corp-bac-roku-inc-roku-home-depot-inc-hd/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

