https://investorplace.com/2017/11/go-long-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stock-highs/

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) looks like a runaway train, but it’s far from derailing. It’s still a value from which I can profit. Investors on Wall Street rejoiced yesterday and pushed banks stocks up a bunch. For example, JPM stock gained 3.5% on the day, which is very unusual without any specific headline. But it wasn’t the only one — the Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLF) was up 2.6% and Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) was also up 4%. So is it too late to chase and go long JPMorgan Chase stock? No. I will go long the stock but without much of the usual hopium that requires higher prices to profit. My trade will be profitable even if JPM stock falls another 20%. JPM is the creme of the crop of financial institutions. They rarely give traders specific cause to sell the stock. They also have a fortress balance sheet. Furthermore, after the most recent stress tests, management vowed to financial engineer the stock with buybacks and dividends. So it’s no wonder that the stock is up 28% in one year. Even at these levels JPM is not expensive. It still only trades at a price-to-earnings ratio under 15x. This is cheap by any standard. Furthermore, it only trades at 1.5 times book value. So I am very confident that it won’t be a mistake if I have to own shares at a discount from here. Although the Donald Trump administration has had its challenges, they stay committed to removing red tape for banks. So these favorable operating conditions are likely to persist. In addition, we are still in a cycle of rate tightening which in theory should also benefit JPM bottom line. Technically, this spike on Tuesday helped avert a retest of an important ascending trend line, which could have threatened JPMorgan’s trajectory. Now it’s in the clear from it for a while. Moreover, it speaks to the difficult of shorting these bank stocks. The fewer traders that are willing to short the easier the path upwards. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/go-long-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stock-highs/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/30/is-it-time-to-go-for-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-entegris-inc-entg/

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) gained 2.34% with the closing price of $103.73. The overall volume in the last trading session was 21 million shares. Company Growth Evolution: ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at – in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry’s average stands at 0.01 and sector’s optimum level is 0.43. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) have shown a high EPS growth of 6.80% in the last 5 years and has earnings rose of 4.00% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.60 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The stock appeared $102.42 above its 52-week highs and is up 4.85% for the last five trades. The stock ended last trade at $103.73 a share and the price is up more than 20.21% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 1.51 vs. an industry average at 2.98. Its sales stood at -1.80% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued. Entegris, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENTG) ended its day at $29.80 with the rising stream of -7.31% and its total traded volume was 1.63 million shares more than the average volume. Returns and Valuations for Entegris, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENTG) Entegris, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENTG), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 9.41, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry’s average. The average of this ratio is 20.83 for the industry and sector’s best figure appears 16.38. Entegris, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENTG), at its latest closing price of $29.80, it has a price-to-book ratio of 4.47, compared to an industry average at 4.93. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you’re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately. Entegris, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENTG), stock is trading $33.05 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -5.50% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 20.20%. Its share price has risen 17.55% in three months and is down -8.59% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.10. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/jpm-crosses-above-average-analyst-target-cm883911

In recent trading, shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co (Symbol: JPM) have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $100.00, changing hands for $101.36/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level. Analyst reaction may also depend on the fundamental business developments that may be responsible for driving the stock price higher - if things are looking up for the company, perhaps it is time for that target price to be raised.      There are 13 different analyst targets contributing to that average for JPMorgan Chase & Co, but the average is just that - a mathematical average. There are analysts with lower targets than the average, including one looking for a price of $91.00. And then on the other side of the spectrum one analyst has a target as high as $115.00. The standard deviation is $7.648.  makeArticleAd();  But the whole reason to look at the average  JPM price target in the first place is to tap into a "wisdom of crowds" effort, putting together the contributions of all the individual minds who contributed to the ultimate number, as opposed to what just one particular expert believes. And so with JPM crossing above that average target price of $100.00/share, investors in JPM have been given a good signal to spend fresh time assessing the company and deciding for themselves: is $100.00 just one stop on the way to an even higher  target, or has the valuation gotten stretched to the point where it is time to think about taking some chips off the table? Below is a table showing the current thinking of the analysts that cover JPMorgan Chase & Co:      Recent JPM Analyst Ratings Breakdown      Current 1 Month Ago 2 Month Ago 3 Month Ago   Strong buy ratings: 7 7 8 8   Buy ratings: 0 0 0 0   Hold ratings: 11 13 9 9   Sell ratings: 0 0 0 0   Strong sell ratings: 0 0 0 0    Average rating:   2.22   2.3   2.06   2.06       The average rating presented in the last row of the above table above is from 1 to 5 where 1 is Strong Buy and 5 is Strong Sell. This article used data provided by Zacks Investment Research via Quandl.com  . Get the latest Zacks research report on JPM - FREE  .   10 ETFs With Most Upside To Analyst Targets »               10 ETFs With Most Upside To Analyst Targets »  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/30/smith-asset-management-group-lp-acquires-289446-shares-of-j-p-morgan-chase-co-jpm.html


					Posted by Sebastian Weber on Nov 30th, 2017 // No Comments  Smith Asset Management Group LP grew its holdings in  J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) by 26,313.3% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 290,546 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after purchasing an additional 289,446 shares during the quarter. Smith Asset Management Group LP’s holdings in J P Morgan Chase & Co were worth $26,563,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.  A number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the business. David R. Rahn & Associates Inc. acquired a new stake in  J P Morgan Chase & Co in the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $1,458,000.  Ironwood Investment Management LLC boosted its position in  J P Morgan Chase & Co by 61.9% in the 2nd quarter. Ironwood Investment Management LLC now owns 6,668 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $609,000 after buying an additional 2,550 shares during the period.  Gamble Jones Investment Counsel boosted its position in  J P Morgan Chase & Co by 0.6% in the 2nd quarter. Gamble Jones Investment Counsel now owns 49,959 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $4,566,000 after buying an additional 276 shares during the period.  Grove Bank & Trust boosted its position in  J P Morgan Chase & Co by 16.9% in the 2nd quarter. Grove Bank & Trust now owns 9,787 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $895,000 after buying an additional 1,417 shares during the period.  Finally, Lee Danner & Bass Inc. lifted its position in shares of  J P Morgan Chase & Co by 0.4% during the 2nd quarter. Lee Danner & Bass Inc. now owns 17,494 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,599,000 after purchasing an additional 69 shares during the last quarter. 73.94% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) traded up $2.37 during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $103.73. 21,072,199 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged, compared to its average volume of 13,880,782. J P Morgan Chase & Co has a 12-month low of $78.39 and a 12-month high of $104.22. The company has a quick ratio of 1.03, a current ratio of 1.03 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.37. The company has a market cap of $351,690.00, a P/E ratio of 14.17, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 2.13 and a beta of 1.22.  J P Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 12th. The financial services provider reported $1.76 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.67 by $0.09. J P Morgan Chase & Co had a net margin of 24.08% and a return on equity of 11.68%. The firm had revenue of $25.33 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.91 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.58 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 2.6% compared to the same quarter last year.  research analysts predict that  J P Morgan Chase & Co will post 6.91 EPS for the current fiscal year.  The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, October 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, October 6th were given a $0.56 dividend. This is an increase from J P Morgan Chase & Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.50. This represents a $2.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.16%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Thursday, October 5th. J P Morgan Chase & Co’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 32.14%.  In other news, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 2,099 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $101.96, for a total value of $214,014.04. Following the transaction, the general counsel now directly owns 15,279 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,557,846.84. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Company insiders own  0.88% of the company’s stock.  Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on JPM shares. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $95.00 price objective on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research report on Friday, August 18th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $103.00 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, August 24th. Vetr upgraded shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $93.14 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, September 6th. Jefferies Group  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $102.00 price target on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research note on Friday, September 15th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $110.00 price target (up from $103.00) on shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co in a research note on Monday, October 9th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned  a hold rating and sixteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $92.18. About J P Morgan Chase & Co JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking.   Receive News & Ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J P Morgan Chase & Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.allstocknews.com/2017/11/30/should-investors-take-a-bite-out-of-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-2/

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) closed November 29 at $103.73, up 1.28% or $-1.31 from its record high price of $102.42. Looking at the other side of the coin, JPM traded as low as $78.39 in the past 52 weeks, and since then the shares have risen 32.33% or $25.34. The recent price momentum makes it one stock to watch in recent days. Its 2.34% appreciation from Tuesday’s close has set alarm bells ringing.  JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) shares are up 4.85% for the week and that has got investors and traders sitting up and taking note. JPM is already driving a 31.44% rally over the course of the past year and is now up 20.21% since this point in 2017. Speaking of monthly performance, JPM tapped a 2.29% gain. Also, the equity price jumped 13.6% % in three months, taking the six-month increase to 24.89% as of recent close. With that said, researchers took a deep dive into the hotly debated question: is it too late to buy JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM).  Analyst research firms are expressing bullish stance on JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM)’s near-term growth potential. They anticipate the JPM stock will hit $99.54 on a short term (12 month) basis. Their average price target spell out an upbeat performance – a -4% and would give JPM a market capitalization of nearly $346.4B.  Valued currently at $103.73, the vast majority of Wall Street analysts continue to say it’s a hold. Mean recommendation is rated on a 1 to 5 scale. 1 is equivalent to a buy rating, 3 a hold rating, and 5 a sell rating. The Mean Recommendation is the average rating on a stock by the analyst community.  Right now, JPM’s beta is 1.21. That makes it 0.21 more volatile than the broad market. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) is 13.55% above its 200-day moving average, providing a measure of resistance for long positions. On a similar note, the stock is 5.91% above its 50-day moving average, providing a measure of support for short positions. The average daily volatility for the week was at 1.77%, which was 0.37 higher than that in the past month.  From another technical standpoint, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM)’s 14-day Relative Strength Index (RSI) has reached 70.98, putting it inside a neutral zone. If the RSI is traveling up and it is between 40 and 80, it is probably an indication of an uptrend. If it moves beyond 70 but cannot hold this ground and instead falls below 70, it could be an indication that the market is overbought and prone to become bearish, at least in the short term. Conversely, if the RSI is traveling down and it is between 60 and 20, it is probably an indication of a downtrend. If it moves below 30 and fails to remain below, it could be an indication that the market is oversold and poised to become bullish, at least in the short term.  Technical analysts also use volume to predict trends. The current trading volume of 21 sits 78.12% higher than the past 3 month’s readings, indicating near-term traders have been more active toward JPM than usual of late. The company trades on average around 1179000 shares per market session. Major moves in volume can signal unusual activity, such as insider trading. Unusual volume can be a major signal that investment gurus and momentum traders are piling into a stock ahead of a catalyst. These types of traders like to get in well ahead of a large spike, so it’s always a smart move to monitor unusual volume. In terms of relative volume, these shares are trading at 1.78x their normal volume. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/go-long-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stock-highs/

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) looks like a runaway train, but it’s far from derailing. It’s still a value from which I can profit. Investors on Wall Street rejoiced yesterday and pushed banks stocks up a bunch. For example, JPM stock gained 3.5% on the day, which is very unusual without any specific headline. But it wasn’t the only one — the Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSEARCA:XLF) was up 2.6% and Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) was also up 4%. So is it too late to chase and go long JPMorgan Chase stock? No. I will go long the stock but without much of the usual hopium that requires higher prices to profit. My trade will be profitable even if JPM stock falls another 20%. JPM is the creme of the crop of financial institutions. They rarely give traders specific cause to sell the stock. They also have a fortress balance sheet. Furthermore, after the most recent stress tests, management vowed to financial engineer the stock with buybacks and dividends. So it’s no wonder that the stock is up 28% in one year. Even at these levels JPM is not expensive. It still only trades at a price-to-earnings ratio under 15x. This is cheap by any standard. Furthermore, it only trades at 1.5 times book value. So I am very confident that it won’t be a mistake if I have to own shares at a discount from here. Although the Donald Trump administration has had its challenges, they stay committed to removing red tape for banks. So these favorable operating conditions are likely to persist. In addition, we are still in a cycle of rate tightening which in theory should also benefit JPM bottom line. Technically, this spike on Tuesday helped avert a retest of an important ascending trend line, which could have threatened JPMorgan’s trajectory. Now it’s in the clear from it for a while. Moreover, it speaks to the difficult of shorting these bank stocks. The fewer traders that are willing to short the easier the path upwards. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/go-long-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stock-highs/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.investors.com/market-trend/stock-market-today/stocks-higher-as-jpmorgan-helps-dow-reach-new-high-bitcoin-soars/

The main stock indexes were near session highs Tuesday afternoon, while Bitcoin added to a huge rally and a couple of small caps broke out past buy points. X The Dow Jones industrial average led with a 0.8% increase that took the industrials to a new high. Ten of the 30 Dow components rose more than 1%, but a couple made noteworthy moves. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) rose more than 1% and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) nearly 2% as both stocks rose from support at the 50-day moving average. Both can be considered to be in buy areas, although neither has shown impressive volume in the past few days. Small caps also led, with the Russell 2000 adding 0.6%. The S&P 500 climbed 0.7%, but the Nasdaq composite lagged with a 0.3% gain. Biotechs and chip designers showed weakness. Alphabet (GOOGL) reversed lower after hitting a new high, but most other major Nasdaq components were little changed or higher. Volume was tracking higher compared with the same time Monday. TCF Financial (TCF), a regional bank holding company based in Wayzata, Minn., jumped past the 18.81 buy point of a cup-with-handle base in four times more volume than usual. The firm announced Monday that it will no longer make indirect auto loans, saying the outlook for that market is "less favorable compared to alternative uses of capital." The bank will take one-time charges due to the change. TCF also set a new stock buyback program of up to $150 million, replacing an earlier buyback plan. Aquantia (AQ) broke out of an IPO base, soaring past the 12.85 buy point in big volume. Aquantia, which went public Nov. 3 at 9 a share, makes technology for superfast network communications and cloud computing. But some Chinese stocks extended losses, with a few among the losers with highest relative volume. Momo (MOMO), the China social media company, gapped down to the lowest level since February despite that the company's earnings beat profit expectations. Momo posted adjusted earnings of 45 cents, above the consensus estimate of 38 cents. It was an increase of 87% from the year-ago period. Revenue catapulted 126%
to $354.5 million. Volume Tuesday was more than nine times its average. Noah Holdings (NOAH) slid 9% and has erased much of an 18% gain from the 41.08 buy point of a breakout Nov. 16. Xunlei (XNET), a digital media platform that had been soaring since mid-October, plunged for a second-straight day and is down 27.5% in the past two days. Xunlei is a China company that introduced a cryptocurrency in October. Other cryptocurrency shares traded wildly again. Bitcoin Investment Trust (GBTC), an exchange traded note backed by Bitcoin, surged 18% and is up 46% so far this week. RELATED: Bitcoin Clears $10,000, But Several Crypto Stocks Tumble IBD 50's China Lodging Is On Tap With Earnings     5:40 PM ET Intel says its system-on-a-chip for self-driving cars has more than double the performance of a just-debut Nvidia platform.  5:40 PM ET Intel says its system-on-a-chip for self-driving cars has more than...  See the new models, tech trends and videos from the L.A. Auto Show. 

https://www.investors.com/market-trend/stock-market-today/stocks-higher-as-jpmorgan-helps-dow-reach-new-high-bitcoin-soars/

The main stock indexes were near session highs Tuesday afternoon, while Bitcoin added to a huge rally and a couple of small caps broke out past buy points. X The Dow Jones industrial average led with a 0.8% increase that took the industrials to a new high. Ten of the 30 Dow components rose more than 1%, but a couple made noteworthy moves. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) rose more than 1% and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) nearly 2% as both stocks rose from support at the 50-day moving average. Both can be considered to be in buy areas, although neither has shown impressive volume in the past few days. Small caps also led, with the Russell 2000 adding 0.6%. The S&P 500 climbed 0.7%, but the Nasdaq composite lagged with a 0.3% gain. Biotechs and chip designers showed weakness. Alphabet (GOOGL) reversed lower after hitting a new high, but most other major Nasdaq components were little changed or higher. Volume was tracking higher compared with the same time Monday. TCF Financial (TCF), a regional bank holding company based in Wayzata, Minn., jumped past the 18.81 buy point of a cup-with-handle base in four times more volume than usual. The firm announced Monday that it will no longer make indirect auto loans, saying the outlook for that market is "less favorable compared to alternative uses of capital." The bank will take one-time charges due to the change. TCF also set a new stock buyback program of up to $150 million, replacing an earlier buyback plan. Aquantia (AQ) broke out of an IPO base, soaring past the 12.85 buy point in big volume. Aquantia, which went public Nov. 3 at 9 a share, makes technology for superfast network communications and cloud computing. But some Chinese stocks extended losses, with a few among the losers with highest relative volume. Momo (MOMO), the China social media company, gapped down to the lowest level since February despite that the company's earnings beat profit expectations. Momo posted adjusted earnings of 45 cents, above the consensus estimate of 38 cents. It was an increase of 87% from the year-ago period. Revenue catapulted 126%
to $354.5 million. Volume Tuesday was more than nine times its average. Noah Holdings (NOAH) slid 9% and has erased much of an 18% gain from the 41.08 buy point of a breakout Nov. 16. Xunlei (XNET), a digital media platform that had been soaring since mid-October, plunged for a second-straight day and is down 27.5% in the past two days. Xunlei is a China company that introduced a cryptocurrency in October. Other cryptocurrency shares traded wildly again. Bitcoin Investment Trust (GBTC), an exchange traded note backed by Bitcoin, surged 18% and is up 46% so far this week. RELATED: Bitcoin Clears $10,000, But Several Crypto Stocks Tumble IBD 50's China Lodging Is On Tap With Earnings     5:40 PM ET Intel says its system-on-a-chip for self-driving cars has more than double the performance of a just-debut Nvidia platform.  5:40 PM ET Intel says its system-on-a-chip for self-driving cars has more than...  See the new models, tech trends and videos from the L.A. Auto Show. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/quant-score-make-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-a-buy/

JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) is a member of the 342 company Banks GICS industry group, which is a segment of the 761 company GICS Financials sector. JPM has a market value of $341.1 billion which is in the top 10% of its industry group. Portfolio Grader's current ranking for JPM puts it 96 among the 342 companies in this industry group, placing it in the top half; in the top half of the sector with a ranking of 231 among the 761 companies in the sector, and number 1,484 in the nearly 5,000 company Portfolio Grader universe. Portfolio Grader currently ranks JPM as a Buy. The approach to fundamental and quantitative metrics used in this stock evaluation tool developed by Louis Navellier, assesses and ranks approximately 5,000 stocks each week.  The current Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has been in place for 4 months. The Financials sector is ranked number 8 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it in the third quartile of all the GICS sectors. The Banks industry group is ranked 44 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it below-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. JPM has attained above-average scores in 4 of the 8 fundamental metrics used by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average grades in 4 of the areas used in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores provide mixed results with rankings for operating margin and sales growth that are below-average, while the score for earnings growth is above-average.  Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with a ranking for earnings revisions and earnings surprises that are better than average, while the score for earnings momentum is worse than average. JPM's grade for return on equity is materially better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average.  JPMorgan Chase & Co's fundamental scores give JPM a place in the top half of the industry group.  Quantitatively, Portfolio Grader uses the Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score to measure JPM's shares from the perspective of risk/reward. This exclusive scoring approach assesses the relative value of the company's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Considering this risk/reward calculation, JPM currently scores above-average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/quant-score-make-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-a-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.investors.com/news/jpmorgan-ceo-called-bitcoin-a-fraud-now-his-bank-may-trade-futures/

JPMorgan (JPM) is reportedly weighing whether to allow clients to wager on Bitcoin's prospects, even after CEO Jamie Dimon called the currency a "fraud." XAccording to the Wall Street Journal, the bank is deciding whether to allow clients to use CME Group's (CME) new Bitcoin futures, which could begin trading before the end of the year. If the bank went through with that decision, it would mark an about-face for a bank whose leader has been one of the most vocal critics of Bitcoin, once saying he would fire any trader caught dealing in the volatile cryptocurrency. CFO Marianne Lake in October appeared to temper some of Dimon's harsher complaints, saying that the bank was "open-minded" to properly regulated digital currencies. But big banks are having a harder time ignoring the digital cash. The development would follow a report in October that Goldman Sachs (GS) was considering offering some kind of cryptocurrency trading operation. CBOE (CBOE) also wants to offer Bitcoin futures. Bitcoin dipped 0.4% to $8,201.59, according to Coindesk, but well off earlier losses that were sparked by reports of a hack into a separate cryptocurrency. Shares of JPMorgan lost 0.1% in the stock market today, while Goldman dipped less than 0.1%. CME added 0.5%; CBOE rose 0.3%. RELATED: Bitcoin Soars Above $8,000 As Cryptocurrency's White-Knuckle Ride Continues Before You Buy Bitcoin, Read This 5:29 PM ET Strength in financials led the Dow Jones industrial average to a 0.4% gain and record closing high Wednesday. It was...  5:29 PM ET Strength in financials led the Dow Jones industrial average to...  See the new models, tech trends and videos from the L.A. Auto Show. 

