https://stocknews.com/news/amzn-amazon-com-inc-amzn-now-selling-devices-at-over-100-whole/

AMZN – Amazon is gearing up for the holidays by getting its Alexa and Kindle devices in Whole Foods locations. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) took a big step last week in furthering the integration of its businesses by adding its electronic gadgets to Whole Foods shelves at over 100 supermarket locations around the country. The devices include the Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, Fire TV, Kindle e-readers, Fire tablets, and more. As TechCrunch reports, the e-commerce giant will also create small Amazon Pop-Up stores within many other locations as well: The Pop-Ups will begin opening their doors next week, starting with Whole Foods Market stores in Chicago, Illinois and Rochester Hills, Michigan on November 13, followed by Davie, Florida and Pasadena, California on November 14. Then the new Union Station store in Denver will add a Pop-Up on November 15. These Pop-Ups will do more than sell devices, like the other stores. Instead, customers shopping the Amazon-staffed Pop-Up stores will be able to try out devices ahead of purchase, as well as learn more about various Amazon services, like Amazon’s Prime membership program, and its accompanying Prime Video streaming service. The move comes just in time for the busiest consumer shopping season of the year. Black Friday is just a week and a half away, with Cyber Monday soon to follow. As always, Amazon has a number of big sales planned, including $20 off the Echo Dot, $20 off the all-new Amazon Echo, $30 off the new Echo Plus, $30 off Kindle Paperwhite, $20 off the new Amazon Cloud Cam, $20 off Fire 7 tablet, and $30 off the Fire HD 8 tablet. Whole Foods shoppers will likely see these same sales reflected in stores next week as well. Amazon.com, Inc. shares fell $0.77 (-0.07%) in premarket trading Monday. Year-to-date, AMZN has gained 50.07%, versus a 17.11% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. AMZN currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of C (Neutral), and is ranked #22 of 50 stocks in the Internet category. 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/13/taking-a-fresh-look-at-amazon-com-inc-amzn-5/

Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) is an interesting player in the Services space, with a focus on Catalog & Mail Order Houses. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $1125.35, down from yesterday’s close by -0.33%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis Does this stock stack up well when compared to its peers in the industry space? Let’s take a look. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) currently trades with a market capitalization of $544.10 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 33.72 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For AMZN, the company currently has $12.77 Billion of cash on the books, which is offset by $6.58 Billion current liabilities. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $7.72 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to fall in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $1.85 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 61.96% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis Sometimes, we can understand most about a stock by simply looking at how it has been trading. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Amazon.com, Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $1135.54. It is now trading 10.19% off that level. The stock is trading $1,006.73 its 50-day moving average by -1124.35%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $710.10. In recent action, Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) has made a move of +12.21% over the past month, which has come on Strong relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.43, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 1.47% with $402.33 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of AMZN. 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/14/amazon-com-inc-amzn-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-credit-suisse-group.html


					Posted by Joyce Ramirez on Nov 14th, 2017 // No Comments  Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by stock analysts at Credit Suisse Group in a research note issued to investors on Friday, October 27th. AMZN has been the topic of a number of other reports. Cantor Fitzgerald  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $1,150.00 target price on shares of Amazon.com in a research note on Tuesday, October 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr cut Amazon.com from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $1,079.96 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, October 23rd. Canaccord Genuity  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $1,250.00 target price (up from $1,200.00) on shares of Amazon.com in a research note on Friday, October 27th. BidaskClub cut Amazon.com from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 4th. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. began coverage on Amazon.com in a research report on Tuesday, August 15th. They set a “buy” rating and a $1,220.00 price objective on the stock. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and forty-nine have given a buy rating to the stock. Amazon.com presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $1,142.08. Shares of Amazon.com (AMZN) opened at $1,129.17 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $544,120.00, a price-to-earnings ratio of 285.62, a P/E/G ratio of 14.04 and a beta of 1.45. Amazon.com has a 12 month low of $710.10 and a 12 month high of $1,139.90. The company has a quick ratio of 0.74, a current ratio of 1.03 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.00.  Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, October 26th. The e-commerce giant reported $0.52 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.09 by ($0.57). Amazon.com had a return on equity of 8.67% and a net margin of 1.20%. The firm had revenue of $43.74 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $42.26 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.52 earnings per share. Amazon.com’s revenue for the quarter was up 33.7% on a year-over-year basis.  analysts predict that  Amazon.com will post 4.26 EPS for the current year.  In other news, CEO Jeffrey A. Wilke sold 710 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, August 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $981.74, for a total transaction of $697,035.40. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 15,312 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $15,032,402.88. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Jeffrey P. Bezos sold 391,110 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $1,103.53, for a total transaction of $431,601,618.30. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 79,891,433 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $88,162,593,058.49. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 396,480 shares of company stock valued at $437,036,326 over the last quarter. 17.00% of the stock is currently owned by insiders.  Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Whitnell & Co. boosted its position in  Amazon.com by 581.3% during the 3rd quarter. Whitnell & Co. now owns 109 shares of the e-commerce giant’s stock worth $105,000 after purchasing an additional 93 shares during the period.  Vestor Capital LLC boosted its position in  Amazon.com by 10.1% during the 2nd quarter. Vestor Capital LLC now owns 109 shares of the e-commerce giant’s stock worth $106,000 after purchasing an additional 10 shares during the period.  Clear Investment Research LLC boosted its position in  Amazon.com by 73,100.0% during the 2nd quarter. Clear Investment Research LLC now owns 732 shares of the e-commerce giant’s stock worth $107,000 after purchasing an additional 731 shares during the period.  WealthTrust Arizona LLC boosted its position in  Amazon.com by 2.7% during the 2nd quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC now owns 114 shares of the e-commerce giant’s stock worth $110,000 after purchasing an additional 3 shares during the period.  Finally, LeJeune Puetz Investment Counsel LLC purchased a new stake in  Amazon.com during the 2nd quarter worth $116,000. 60.54% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.  Amazon.com Company Profile Amazon.com, Inc offers a range of products and services through its Websites. The Company operates through three segments: North America, International and Amazon Web Services (AWS). The Company’s products include merchandise and content that it purchases for resale from vendors and those offered by third-party sellers.   Receive News & Ratings for Amazon.com Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amazon.com Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/Morgan%2BStanley%2BPounds%2BThe%2BTable%2Bon%2BWhy%2BAmazon%2B%2528AMZN%2529%2BIs%2BWorth%2BA%2BTrillion%2BUSD/13495768.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/11/10771331/is-amazon-worth-1-trillion-morgan-stanley-does-the-math

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) could very well be worth $1 trillion within months, and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) may not be far behind in joining the prestigious group. Morgan Stanley's Brian Nowak maintains an Overweight rating on Amazon's stock with an unchanged $1,250 price target. Amazon boasts three high-margin revenue streams that happen to be growing faster than the core retail business, Nowak said in a Sunday note. (See Nowak's track record here.) The AWS cloud segment is projected to grow at a compounded growth rate of 33 percent through 2020, followed by Other (advertising and other initiatives) at 32 percent and Subscriptions at 28 percent, the analyst said. These three units are likely to grow as large as Amazon's core retail business and contribute approximately 50 percent of Amazon's total gross profit dollars, he said.  Nowak conducted a sum-of-the-parts valuation of the pieces of Amazon's business that would drive a $1 trillion valuation: Shares of Amazon gained 0.7 percent Monday morning and are higher by 50 percent since the start of 2017. Related Links: Putting Amazon's Amazing $60 Billion Earnings Move Into Perspective Chamath Palihapitiya Defends His $1 Trillion Amazon Valuation 
View More Analyst Ratings for AMZN

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
 Posted-In: Amazon 3P Amazon Advertising Amazon Prime AWS Brian Nowak cloudAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/amazon-com-inc-jumped-shark/

Source: Shutterstock I’ve not been shy about calling out Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) in the past when it makes dumb moves. Conversely, I never said AMZN stock didn’t benefit from some of the relatively smart, savvy decisions CEO Jeff Bezos has made. For example, I still think the ides of aerial delivery drones is ridiculous. But the proliferation of Amazon-branded bookstores is a beautiful melding of online and offline retailing. The latest maneuver from Amazon is one I have to place in the “fail” pile. But not because it won’t work (and for very little additional cost or effort). Rather, it won’t work because it’s low-brow, less-than-elegant idea. If you’re a regular shopper at Whole Foods Markets, which Amazon acquired back in August, you may have seen new product pop up in its stores. You can now purchase the Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, Fire TV, Kindle e-readers, Fire tablets, and other Amazon goodies at the same place you buy your feta cheese and avocados. Makes sense. Amazon makes and sells those devices, and it owns Whole Foods. Why not use the opportunity to sell such merchandise when it has a place to do so? Gotta be honest though. This is the least creative, most disappointing and painfully-obvious use Amazon could have made of its newly-acquired grocery stores. And it should bug AMZN stock holders. Don’t misread the message. Although I can recall a time when Amazon only sold books and CDs, I’m well aware that the average under-30 consumer doesn’t see anything unusual about buying their groceries from the same company they buy their electronics from, and the same company they tap to for streaming video. The internet blurred those distinguishing lines. Still, there’s something incongruent about putting an Amazon Echo in your shopping cart with a bag of Russet potatoes. Perhaps chief among my concerns is that store staff may not be able to answer questions about the company’s own electronics lineup. Most of them are experts on groceries, not on Amazon’s consumer technologies. Though the pop-up shops that will be hawking Echos and Kindles are supplied by Amazon and will presumably have a modicum of familiarity with these devices, it’s not clear the company has this kind of veteran staffing at its disposal. It’s a recipe for a bad experience with a company that prides itself on providing good experiences. A close-second concern this would raise, were I currently an owner of AMZN stock. This just looks weird, and a little desperate. Don’t get me wrong. I love the idea of Amazon’s dedicated bookstores, as their key intent is to sell electronics rather than books. Those permanent bookstores, however, are seen as a destination and even an entertainment venue. Grocery stores primarily serve a utilitarian purpose. These disparate mindframes set the stage for how receptive a consumer is to learning about Amazon’s newest wares. To be clear, I had no problem with Amazon getting into the grocery business. But I appreciated the idea that Amazon wasn’t exactly interested in turning its Whole Foods Market stores into a profit center in and of themselves. I thought the purpose was to establish a new means of gathering a massive amount of customer data that could ultimately fuel its online grocery business. And that would bring more people into the Amazon circle. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/amazon-com-inc-jumped-shark/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/amazon-com-inc-jumped-shark/

Source: Shutterstock I’ve not been shy about calling out Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) in the past when it makes dumb moves. Conversely, I never said AMZN stock didn’t benefit from some of the relatively smart, savvy decisions CEO Jeff Bezos has made. For example, I still think the ides of aerial delivery drones is ridiculous. But the proliferation of Amazon-branded bookstores is a beautiful melding of online and offline retailing. The latest maneuver from Amazon is one I have to place in the “fail” pile. But not because it won’t work (and for very little additional cost or effort). Rather, it won’t work because it’s low-brow, less-than-elegant idea. If you’re a regular shopper at Whole Foods Markets, which Amazon acquired back in August, you may have seen new product pop up in its stores. You can now purchase the Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, Fire TV, Kindle e-readers, Fire tablets, and other Amazon goodies at the same place you buy your feta cheese and avocados. Makes sense. Amazon makes and sells those devices, and it owns Whole Foods. Why not use the opportunity to sell such merchandise when it has a place to do so? Gotta be honest though. This is the least creative, most disappointing and painfully-obvious use Amazon could have made of its newly-acquired grocery stores. And it should bug AMZN stock holders. Don’t misread the message. Although I can recall a time when Amazon only sold books and CDs, I’m well aware that the average under-30 consumer doesn’t see anything unusual about buying their groceries from the same company they buy their electronics from, and the same company they tap to for streaming video. The internet blurred those distinguishing lines. Still, there’s something incongruent about putting an Amazon Echo in your shopping cart with a bag of Russet potatoes. Perhaps chief among my concerns is that store staff may not be able to answer questions about the company’s own electronics lineup. Most of them are experts on groceries, not on Amazon’s consumer technologies. Though the pop-up shops that will be hawking Echos and Kindles are supplied by Amazon and will presumably have a modicum of familiarity with these devices, it’s not clear the company has this kind of veteran staffing at its disposal. It’s a recipe for a bad experience with a company that prides itself on providing good experiences. A close-second concern this would raise, were I currently an owner of AMZN stock. This just looks weird, and a little desperate. Don’t get me wrong. I love the idea of Amazon’s dedicated bookstores, as their key intent is to sell electronics rather than books. Those permanent bookstores, however, are seen as a destination and even an entertainment venue. Grocery stores primarily serve a utilitarian purpose. These disparate mindframes set the stage for how receptive a consumer is to learning about Amazon’s newest wares. To be clear, I had no problem with Amazon getting into the grocery business. But I appreciated the idea that Amazon wasn’t exactly interested in turning its Whole Foods Market stores into a profit center in and of themselves. I thought the purpose was to establish a new means of gathering a massive amount of customer data that could ultimately fuel its online grocery business. And that would bring more people into the Amazon circle. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/amazon-com-inc-jumped-shark/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Corporate%2BNews/Amazon%2B%2528AMZN%2529%252C%2BWhole%2BFoods%2BMarket%2BAnnounce%2BLower%2BPrices%2Bon%2BAdditional%2BCustomer%2Band%2BHoliday%2BFavorites/13511348.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3311748-amazon-selling-chinese-cloud-business

Beijing Sinnet Technology is buying physical infrastructure assets of Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) cloud business in China for up to 2B yuan ($301M), but the latter will still own intellectual property and isn't exiting the world's second-largest economy. A regulatory filing said the purchase, which is still pending, would help Amazon "comply with Chinese law that forbids non-Chinese companies from owning or operating certain technology for the provision of cloud services." Now read: The Amazon Advantage » 

