http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/GE-s-Flannery-making-GE-leaner-exiting-lighting-12352695.php

By Larry Rulison Caption Close 1907 panoramic view of General Electric Co. Schenectady Works, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) 1907 panoramic view of General Electric Co. Schenectady Works, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wooden barge tied up at the Schenectady Barge Terminal, 1941, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wooden barge tied up at the Schenectady Barge Terminal, 1941, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) In 1943, boys and girls kept their bikes in separate courts at Oneida School, Schenectady, N.Y., in this photo by Philip Bonn. (Library of Congress) In 1943, boys and girls kept their bikes in separate courts at Oneida School, Schenectady, N.Y., in this photo by Philip Bonn. (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) General Electric turbine plant, Schenectady, NY, 1949. (Library of Congress) General Electric turbine plant, Schenectady, NY, 1949. (Library of Congress) Ladies room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Ladies room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Executive office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Executive office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Conference room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Conference room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General Engineering Office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General Engineering Office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General offices, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General offices, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Window panel, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Window panel, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wing, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wing, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Corridor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Corridor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) East facade, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) East facade, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Street-level view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Street-level view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Small door, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Small door, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of the back of the Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of the back of the Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of east and south elevations, Schenectady City Hall, 100 Jay St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of east and south elevations, Schenectady City Hall, 100 Jay St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Schenectady General Electric Co. CEO John Flannery says GE Power can stay, but it needs to slash its budget by $1 billion. Flannery, who replaced Jeff Immelt as GE's leader over the summer, laid out his highly-anticipated vision for the company on Monday in a meeting with analysts that lasted nearly three hours. As expected, Flannery said that GE would exit businesses such as lighting and locomotives while it focuses on core businesses such as aviation, health care and its power plant business, known as GE Power. That's good news for downtown Schenectady, where GE has its power business headquarters and employs roughly 4,000 people. It's also good for the additional 2,000 people that work for GE Global Research in Niskayuna. Flannery praised the Niskayuna lab in his remarks Thursday and just said that GE is looking to close some foreign labs, but Niskayuna will remain open. Local officials praised Flannery's remarks, noting that he reaffirmed the importance of GE's local operations. "GE's investor presentation today affirmed the important role played by GE's Global Research Center in Niskayuna and the fact that GE Power is an integral part of the company," Ray Gillen, chair of the Schenectady County Metroplex Development Authority said Monday. "Power is one of three core businesses that the company is focused on moving forward. While GE Power is facing a challenging global environment, today's presentation reaffirmed GE's commitment to being a world leader in the power business building on the fact that 30 percent of the world's electricity supply is produced by turbines and generators built by the company." But the good news was also tempered by the news that Flannery wants to cut $1 billion in annual expenses from GE Power, a move that could spell job cuts in Schenectady, although the company has declined to provide any specific details on how the cost-cutting would be executed. Flannery has not hidden his disappointment with GE Power, which posted disappointing third quarter results that dragged down GE's overall earnings during the period and continued years of disappointing performance by GE's stock. "We have not performed well for our owners," Flannery said during the analyst meeting, held in New York City. "That is unacceptable." Just a few hours before Flannery made his remarks, he also cut GE's dividend paid to stockholders in half, dropping it to 12 cents per share from 24 cents. "We understand the importance of this decision to our shareowners and we have not made it lightly," Flannery said when he announced the dividend cut. "We are focused on driving total shareholder return and believe this is the right decision to align our dividend payout to cash flow generation." During the third quarter, GE Power's revenue dropped 4 percent to $8.7 billion, and its operating profit was down 51 percent to $611 million as GE overall saw its profits drop 10 percent. Flannery blamed the drop on poor execution and a buildup of excess inventory from overly optimistic sales projections. As a result, GE Power CEO Russell Stokes is tasked with cutting $1 billion from GE Power's annual expenses. Stokes, who is based in Atlanta, said some of the problems at GE Power had to do with GE's previous projections of capacity payments that power plants earn to have readily available electricity to send onto the grid. Because of that, fewer power plant owners are paying for upgrades to power plants that GE provides. "The U.S. market is clearly softer than we (anticipated)," Stokes said. Flannery's announcement on the dividend cut and his vision for GE's future rattled Wall Street and sent investors scrambling for the exits. Shares of GE (GE:NYSE) fell $1.47, or 7.17 percent, to $19.02 a share, a five-year low for the company that has already been dogged by complaints about its sagging stock price.         

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/11/13/business/ge-dividend-flannery.html

By STEVE LOHRNOV. 13, 2017
 John Flannery, the new chief of General Electric, is backing away from the ambitious designs of his two predecessors, who steered the corporate giant and its conglomerate-style empire building for more than three decades. Mr. Flannery, who became chief executive in August, left no doubt on Monday that the conglomerate era is long gone. The new G.E., he declared repeatedly in his first detailed presentation on its future, will be a smaller company with fewer businesses. The operations up for sale include businesses that reach back to the days of G.E.’s founder Thomas Edison, like light bulbs and railroad locomotives. More than $20 billion in assets are earmarked for sale in the next couple of years. In addition, to help pay for the remaking of the company, G.E. announced on Monday that it would cut its dividend, only the second time it has done so since the Great Depression. The quarterly payout will be sliced in half, to 12 cents a share. Advertisement The goal is to make G.E. “simpler and easier to operate,” Mr. Flannery said. “Complexity has hurt us.” Advertisement That complexity was long a part of the company’s pitch to investors. Past executives like Jack Welch argued that they could efficiently manage businesses that had little in common, like television, with NBC, and financial services. Other companies followed that thinking as well, leading to a wave of deal-making. The streamlining began under Jeffrey R. Immelt, who led G.E. for 16 years after Mr. Welch retired in 2001. Mr. Immelt’s goal for G.E. was to create an industrial company for the internet age, adding software and sensors to industrial equipment to make “smart” machines. It was a bold plan, and Mr. Immelt once predicted that G.E. would become “a Top 10 software company” by 2020. No more. While the digital strategy is still vital to G.E., Mr. Flannery said he was cutting that unit’s spending by $400 million in 2018, and focusing on a few products. Even the G.E. board of directors is being reduced, to 12 members from 18. Three of the dozen will be new directors. Mr. Flannery, 56, sought to portray the path ahead not as a retreat but as an inspiring challenge. “This is the opportunity of a lifetime to reinvent an iconic company,” he said. Still, the hoped-for reinvention, even if successful, is going to take time. G.E. lowered its earnings target for next year and reiterated that 2018 would be a “reset year.” And the outlook for 2019, while improving, is expected to be challenging as well for its big power-turbine business, which fell off sharply this year. It will also change the complexion of the company. G.E., the country’s largest manufacturing company, had nearly 300,000 employees worldwide at the end of last year. The impending sales of several businesses and other cost-cutting initiatives will undoubtedly leave it with far fewer in the coming years, in more focused areas. Advertisement “John Flannery is generally saying and doing the right things,” said Scott Davis, chief executive of Melius Research, an independent financial analysis firm. “But I was looking for more — faster and more aggressive moves, both on cost-cutting and thinning the portfolio of businesses.” Concerns about the pace of change and the dividend cut sent G.E. shares, which had already dropped by 35 percent this year through Friday, down more than 7 percent on Monday. Mr. Flannery had previously given broad outlines of his strategy, including that the company would shed at least $20 billion in assets over the next two years. What came on Monday were details that confirmed a shortlist of businesses that are up for sale, like lighting, which has quietly been on sale for months. He also emphasized his belief in the vitality of a smaller G.E., and nodded to products like electric generators, jet engines and medical-imaging equipment. Because of those products, Mr. Flannery said, the company will continue to “power the world,” “transport people safely” and “save lives.” He also described other parts of the businesses as “fundamentally strong,” including wind turbines for renewable energy, and the company’s railroad-equipment unit, which is expected to be sold off.  Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. View all New York Times newsletters. Mr. Flannery’s strategy will accelerate the streamlining job begun by his immediate predecessor. Mr. Immelt described the company he inherited as a “classic conglomerate.” During his tenure, G.E. sold off its media business, NBC Universal, to Comcast and its consumer appliance business, among others. But the biggest move was to shed nearly all of the company’s finance arm, GE Capital. At its peak, the finance unit accounted for more than half of the company’s profits, and its lending ranged from home mortgages in Japan to reinsurance for long-term care for the aged. Mr. Flannery has attacked expenses, and he spoke repeatedly on Monday about injecting more “rigor and accountability” into the G.E. culture. Mr. Immelt departed earlier than expected as chief executive after Trian Fund Management, an activist hedge fund, persistently pressured G.E. to improve its financial performance. Edward Garden of Trian joined the G.E. board last month. To link management behavior more tightly to financial performance, Mr. Flannery is changing the compensation program for G.E.’s top 5,000 managers. The current plan, he explained, is about 70 percent in cash and the remainder in stock. The new plan, he added, will flip that ratio, with 70 percent of compensation in stock. Advertisement His own pay package, Mr. Flannery said, will be 100 percent in stock, with the amount of shares determined by the performance of the company. Since becoming chief executive, Mr. Flannery has grounded the corporate jet fleet, stretched out the construction schedule for G.E.’s new headquarters in Boston, closed down several international research-and-development labs and trimmed the work force in units like GE Digital. GE Digital, Mr. Flannery said, “continues to be vital to the company.” But its spending will be trimmed sharply as it concentrates on a narrower set of products that improve the efficiency and performance of G.E.’s industrial equipment. G.E. last cut its dividend in 2009 in the throes of the financial crisis, when it was the nation’s largest non-bank financial institution. The move announced on Monday reflects the company’s declining cash flow, but it is also a byproduct of the streamlining strategy. In the future, there will be fewer businesses to put cash in the corporate till. The total dividend payout had been $8.4 billion a year, among the most costly for American corporations. But the cash flow to cover that bill has faltered. When G.E. reported its third-quarter earnings last month, it said cash flow for the year would be about $7 billion, down from an initial target of $12 billion to $14 billion. The 12-cent quarterly dividend will consume only $4.2 billion. Mr. Flannery acknowledged “the gravity of this decision,” especially for individual shareholders who rely on dividend income. But it is necessary, he said, to “restore the oxygen of cash to the company.” An earlier version of this article misstated the age of John Flannery, General Electric’s new chief executive. He is 56, not 55. A version of this article appears in print on November 14, 2017, on Page B1 of the New York edition with the headline: G.E., Determined to Shrink, Turns Its Paring Knife on a Sacred Cow.  Order Reprints| Today's Paper|Subscribe

 We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think. 

http://www.businessinsider.com/general-electric-stock-price-turnaround-plan-reaction-2017-11

 Â  Shares of General Electric areÂ seeing follow-through selling on Tuesday, trading down 4.26% atÂ $18.21 a piece. The losses come after shares tumbled more than 7% on Monday in response to the company'sÂ turnaround plan. CEO John Flannery doesn't seem to be too worriedÂ about the selling on Wall Street.Â  "I'm not trying to run the company for the reaction on Monday and Tuesday or Wednesday of this week," he told CNBC's Squawk on the Street. "We have a long-term plan." GE announced it was slashing its dividend by 50% and implementing other cost-cutting measures to turn things around. Shares had slumped about 35% this year before Monday's slide.Â More than $100Â billion in market value has been wiped out this year. Â  In addition to its cost-cutting measures, GE forecastÂ full-year 2018 adjusted earnings of $1 to $1.07 a share, well below the $1.18 that Wall Street was expecting. It also saidÂ it expects revenue growth of 0% to 3% in 2018 and that it will target 2% to 4% long-term organic revenue growth. The plan has received a lukewarm reception on Wall Street with RBC downgrading GE shares following the plan's release.Â Â  Flannery says investors should invest in the future of the company.Â  "I would say the outlook for the company over three to five years, what we laid out, growing cash and earnings in three to five years, that's what someone should buy," Flannery added. "So is it going to be immediate, is it going to happen in two months, four months, six months? No, there are operational things we need to change in the company." Get the latest General Electric stock price here. 

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-14/ge-past-lingers-with-ceo-flannery-s-mixed-messages

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 It&apos;s in with the new, but only kind-of-sort-of out with the old at GE. And that pitch just isn&apos;t working for CEO John Flannery. A day after presenting an underwhelming revival plan that&apos;s largely premised on a multi-year grind through cost cuts and tough earnings challenges, Flannery went on CNBC on Tuesday morning to take a second stab at the messaging around his efforts. I don&apos;t think he did much to help his cause; shares of General Electric Co. started dropping precipitously during the interview and were down about 7.3 percent as of 12:45 p.m. in New York. That&apos;s after a 7.2 percent slide yesterday. There are a number of things you could pick apart from the interview, but for now, we&apos;re going to focus on Flannery&apos;s commitment to keeping GE&apos;s lead board director, Jack Brennan, in his role. Brennan&apos;s status is apparently not up for debate -- "it&apos;s not a possibility" -- even as Flannery seeks to refresh and resize the board down to 12 directors from the current 18. Brennan has served on GE&apos;s board since 2012 and he&apos;s been lead director since 2014. He served on GE&apos;s governance committee, and chaired its management development and compensation committee. That means he was directly involved in overseeing -- and richly rewarding -- the top executives responsible for the dire straits in which GE now finds itself. The company&apos;s market value is now nearly $60 billion lower than the day Brennan was elected to the board, and yet, according to Flannery, he has a "tremendous track record." Brennan is also chairman emeritus of Vanguard Group Inc., where he served as CEO for over a decade. You don&apos;t get those jobs by being ineffectual, and he may have valuable insights as to how to get GE back on track. But that still doesn&apos;t excuse the absence of more decisive board action earlier on, before GE&apos;s problems got so big. If you are going to reset the direction of the company, it is jarring to keep the lead director that oversaw the old direction. The kind of dramatic evolution Flannery is attempting is an all-or-nothing game.  The net of this is that Flannery seems to be attempting to strike a balance between a top-to-bottom rethinking of GE&apos;s very identity and purpose, and a loyalty to the culture that fostered his career, the businesses he ran and the colleagues he&apos;s worked with for years. It&apos;s a weird dynamic. Flannery admitted on CNBC that the $10.6 billion purchase of Alstom SA&apos;s energy assets he oversaw "in total, has been a disappointment." And yet, he still believes the problems in GE&apos;s power business are fixable and it should remain within the conglomerate. He&apos;s attempting to simplify GE&apos;s reporting metrics, but what we got Monday are figures that are just as twisty and in some ways even more convoluted than before. Much of the old guard is out, from CEO Jeff Immelt to CFO Jeff Bornstein to power-division leader Steve Bolze. But among their replacements the biggest "outsider" is CFO Jamie Miller, and she&apos;s been with the company since 2008. Russell Stokes, who now runs power, has been with GE for 20 years. And Flannery himself is a 30-year veteran. Flannery appears to genuinely mean it when he talks about a full-scale rethinking of GE&apos;s culture, and many of his changes have been positive, including increasing the equity component of executives&apos; compensation. But the more legacies he holds on to, the longer he will be haunted by the ghosts of GE&apos;s past. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-14/ge-past-lingers-with-ceo-flannery-s-mixed-messages

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 It&apos;s in with the new, but only kind-of-sort-of out with the old at GE. And that pitch just isn&apos;t working for CEO John Flannery. A day after presenting an underwhelming revival plan that&apos;s largely premised on a multi-year grind through cost cuts and tough earnings challenges, Flannery went on CNBC on Tuesday morning to take a second stab at the messaging around his efforts. I don&apos;t think he did much to help his cause; shares of General Electric Co. started dropping precipitously during the interview and were down about 7.3 percent as of 12:45 p.m. in New York. That&apos;s after a 7.2 percent slide yesterday. There are a number of things you could pick apart from the interview, but for now, we&apos;re going to focus on Flannery&apos;s commitment to keeping GE&apos;s lead board director, Jack Brennan, in his role. Brennan&apos;s status is apparently not up for debate -- "it&apos;s not a possibility" -- even as Flannery seeks to refresh and resize the board down to 12 directors from the current 18. Brennan has served on GE&apos;s board since 2012 and he&apos;s been lead director since 2014. He served on GE&apos;s governance committee, and chaired its management development and compensation committee. That means he was directly involved in overseeing -- and richly rewarding -- the top executives responsible for the dire straits in which GE now finds itself. The company&apos;s market value is now nearly $60 billion lower than the day Brennan was elected to the board, and yet, according to Flannery, he has a "tremendous track record." Brennan is also chairman emeritus of Vanguard Group Inc., where he served as CEO for over a decade. You don&apos;t get those jobs by being ineffectual, and he may have valuable insights as to how to get GE back on track. But that still doesn&apos;t excuse the absence of more decisive board action earlier on, before GE&apos;s problems got so big. If you are going to reset the direction of the company, it is jarring to keep the lead director that oversaw the old direction. The kind of dramatic evolution Flannery is attempting is an all-or-nothing game.  The net of this is that Flannery seems to be attempting to strike a balance between a top-to-bottom rethinking of GE&apos;s very identity and purpose, and a loyalty to the culture that fostered his career, the businesses he ran and the colleagues he&apos;s worked with for years. It&apos;s a weird dynamic. Flannery admitted on CNBC that the $10.6 billion purchase of Alstom SA&apos;s energy assets he oversaw "in total, has been a disappointment." And yet, he still believes the problems in GE&apos;s power business are fixable and it should remain within the conglomerate. He&apos;s attempting to simplify GE&apos;s reporting metrics, but what we got Monday are figures that are just as twisty and in some ways even more convoluted than before. Much of the old guard is out, from CEO Jeff Immelt to CFO Jeff Bornstein to power-division leader Steve Bolze. But among their replacements the biggest "outsider" is CFO Jamie Miller, and she&apos;s been with the company since 2008. Russell Stokes, who now runs power, has been with GE for 20 years. And Flannery himself is a 30-year veteran. Flannery appears to genuinely mean it when he talks about a full-scale rethinking of GE&apos;s culture, and many of his changes have been positive, including increasing the equity component of executives&apos; compensation. But the more legacies he holds on to, the longer he will be haunted by the ghosts of GE&apos;s past. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ges-flannery-sell-locomotives-business-151100737.html

 General Electric Co.  plans to exit the locomotives and industrial lighting markets and will consider shedding its controlling stake in Baker Hughes, the company that now houses its oil and gas unit, as CEO John Flannery pares $20 billion of the conglomerate's operations. Flannery, who has been under pressure from investors including activist Trian Partners to simplify GE while boosting cash flow and profitability, outlined the two steps on Monday, Nov. 13, amid a detailed update on the strategy he has been mapping since taking the top job on Aug. 1. The $20 billion target, set in October, also includes the previously announced sale of industrial solutions to ABB Ltd. for $2.6 billion. "Complexity has hurt us," Flannery told investors. "We have not performed well for our owners. The management team is completely devoted to doing whatever it takes to correct that. Going forward, we really just have to focus on how we can create the most value from the portfolio of assets we have for our owners. We are going to do that with a very dispassionate eye." The simplified GE he envisions will focus on businesses in which the Boston-based conglomerate has strong end markets and a competitive advantage, such as the ability to disrupt the status quo with enhancements from its digital operations, he said. Flagship divisions will be power -- the company founded by Thomas Edison generates a third of the world's electricity, after all; aviation and health care. GE "has constantly leveraged its technology strength to remake itself over time," Flannery said. "It has used its grip to move forward and reinvent the company and that's really where we are again today." While cutting the size of its board to 12 members from 18, GE has also created a finance and capital allocation committee whose first priority will be reviewing exit options for Baker Hughes, Flannery said. That business,  is already well-positioned for a spinoff, analyst Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research Partners has said, since it's a separate publicly-traded operation. Even if selling GE's 63% stake didn't create value mathematically, it would remove some volatility, such as the oil-price fluctuations that have hammered the business since 2015, Nick Heymann of William Blair said in a phone interview earlier this year.  "We want to maximize the value" of the Baker Hughes stake "for shareholders of our company," Flannery said. "Part of that might be, 'Is there is a different form for the structure/ownership of that asset?'" There are restrictions, however: The structure of the combination between GE's oil business and Baker Hughes gave the new company approval rights for some of General Electric's decisions regarding the business through mid-2019, Flannery noted. Like the potential exit from Baker Hughes, the planned sale or spinoff of the transportation business wasn't a surprise to analysts, several of whom had speculated about its status. Sales in the unit, which builds train locomotives, declined 14% to $1.05 billion in the three months through September and are down 8% so far this year. "We see a protracted slowdown in the North American market," Flannery said, driven in part by a long-term slowdown in coal shipments. Still, "we have an excellent franchise," he said. "We're exploring the options we have with these assets. It may be a sale, it may be a spinoff." GE fell 7.9% to $18.88 in New York trading on Monday afternoon. The company's shares had previously fallen 27% since Flannery's appointment, compared with a 6.3% gain on the S&P 500. The moves the new CEO is considering further the streamlining begun by his predecessor, Jeff Immelt, who exited businesses from plastics to the NBC broadcasting operations and most of a lucrative lending operation during his 16 years in the top job. Trian Partners, which holds a stake of less than 1% valued at $1.3 billion, declined to comment. The firm's chief investment officer, Ed Garden, who was given a seat on GE's board in October, said previously he was optimistic about Flannery's reassessment of the company's holdings, which stop short of the breakups that the activist firm supported at chemical giant DowDuPont  and manufacturer Pentair  .  General Electric and DowDuPont are holdings in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS charitable trust portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buy or sell the stocks? Learn more now.  That jibes with the recommendation of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analyst Joe Ritchie, who has argued that major asset sales shouldn't be a focal point for GE in the near future. Most of GE's disparate businesses make strategic sense together -- either because of steady earnings in some that offset cyclical drops in others or shared technology, he said in October. Indeed, GE has a "strong porfolio of businesses," Flannery said, though "we can improve every single one of them in terms of the way we operate, cash flows, cost, people, teams and execution." The company is forecasting earnings of just $1 to $1.07 a share next year, roughly half the original target of $2, though it projects free cash flow -- cash generation after capital spending -- will roughly double to $6 billion to $7 billion. The reduced dividend payment in that period will cost just $4.2 billion, compared with $8 billion previously. "2018 is a reset year for us," Flannery said. "This is a base upon which we can grow earnings and cash going forward." Here's Why It's Lights Out for GE's Consumer Lighting Division:  More of What's Trending on TheStreet:   General Electric Co.  plans to exit the locomotives and industrial lighting markets and will consider shedding its controlling stake in Baker Hughes, the company that now houses its oil and gas unit, as CEO John Flannery pares $20 billion of the conglomerate's operations. Flannery, who has been under pressure from investors including activist Trian Partners to simplify GE while boosting cash flow and profitability, outlined the two steps on Monday, Nov. 13, amid a detailed update on the strategy he has been mapping since taking the top job on Aug. 1. The $20 billion target, set in October, also includes the previously announced sale of industrial solutions to ABB Ltd. for $2.6 billion. "Complexity has hurt us," Flannery told investors. "We have not performed well for our owners. The management team is completely devoted to doing whatever it takes to correct that. Going forward, we really just have to focus on how we can create the most value from the portfolio of assets we have for our owners. We are going to do that with a very dispassionate eye." The simplified GE he envisions will focus on businesses in which the Boston-based conglomerate has strong end markets and a competitive advantage, such as the ability to disrupt the status quo with enhancements from its digital operations, he said. Flagship divisions will be power -- the company founded by Thomas Edison generates a third of the world's electricity, after all; aviation and health care. GE "has constantly leveraged its technology strength to remake itself over time," Flannery said. "It has used its grip to move forward and reinvent the company and that's really where we are again today." While cutting the size of its board to 12 members from 18, GE has also created a finance and capital allocation committee whose first priority will be reviewing exit options for Baker Hughes, Flannery said. That business,  is already well-positioned for a spinoff, analyst Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research Partners has said, since it's a separate publicly-traded operation. Even if selling GE's 63% stake didn't create value mathematically, it would remove some volatility, such as the oil-price fluctuations that have hammered the business since 2015, Nick Heymann of William Blair said in a phone interview earlier this year.  "We want to maximize the value" of the Baker Hughes stake "for shareholders of our company," Flannery said. "Part of that might be, 'Is there is a different form for the structure/ownership of that asset?'" There are restrictions, however: The structure of the combination between GE's oil business and Baker Hughes gave the new company approval rights for some of General Electric's decisions regarding the business through mid-2019, Flannery noted. Like the potential exit from Baker Hughes, the planned sale or spinoff of the transportation business wasn't a surprise to analysts, several of whom had speculated about its status. Sales in the unit, which builds train locomotives, declined 14% to $1.05 billion in the three months through September and are down 8% so far this year. "We see a protracted slowdown in the North American market," Flannery said, driven in part by a long-term slowdown in coal shipments. Still, "we have an excellent franchise," he said. "We're exploring the options we have with these assets. It may be a sale, it may be a spinoff." GE fell 7.9% to $18.88 in New York trading on Monday afternoon. The company's shares had previously fallen 27% since Flannery's appointment, compared with a 6.3% gain on the S&P 500. The moves the new CEO is considering further the streamlining begun by his predecessor, Jeff Immelt, who exited businesses from plastics to the NBC broadcasting operations and most of a lucrative lending operation during his 16 years in the top job. Trian Partners, which holds a stake of less than 1% valued at $1.3 billion, declined to comment. The firm's chief investment officer, Ed Garden, who was given a seat on GE's board in October, said previously he was optimistic about Flannery's reassessment of the company's holdings, which stop short of the breakups that the activist firm supported at chemical giant DowDuPont  and manufacturer Pentair  .  General Electric and DowDuPont are holdings in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS charitable trust portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer and the AAP team buy or sell the stocks? Learn more now.  That jibes with the recommendation of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. analyst Joe Ritchie, who has argued that major asset sales shouldn't be a focal point for GE in the near future. Most of GE's disparate businesses make strategic sense together -- either because of steady earnings in some that offset cyclical drops in others or shared technology, he said in October. Indeed, GE has a "strong porfolio of businesses," Flannery said, though "we can improve every single one of them in terms of the way we operate, cash flows, cost, people, teams and execution." The company is forecasting earnings of just $1 to $1.07 a share next year, roughly half the original target of $2, though it projects free cash flow -- cash generation after capital spending -- will roughly double to $6 billion to $7 billion. The reduced dividend payment in that period will cost just $4.2 billion, compared with $8 billion previously. "2018 is a reset year for us," Flannery said. "This is a base upon which we can grow earnings and cash going forward."  More of What's Trending on TheStreet:  EXCLUSIVE OFFER: See inside Jim Cramer’s multi-million dollar charitable trust portfolio to see the stocks he thinks could be potentially HUGE winners. Click here to see his holdings for FREE. 

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-13/the-ge-baker-hughes-romance-may-be-ending-after-a-4-month-run

GE's Turnaround Plans Disappoint Investors It was a July-to-November romance. Little more than four months after General Electric Co. married its oil and natural gas unit to Baker Hughes’s technical services business, GE’s eyes are wandering. Like a divorce attorney seeking to cloak the sordid details of an ugly breakup in elegant legalese, CFO Jamie Miller told reporters on Monday that the Boston-based industrial behemoth seeks “exit optionality.” In other words, GE may want to ditch Baker Hughes. According to a 57-page strategy presentation GE distributed to analysts and investors, Baker’s old-fashioned reliance on volatile commodity cycles and the near-term improbability of any meaningful recovery in demand for its services is cramping GE’s style. GE CEO John Flannery announced plans Monday to drastically shrink the company founded by Thomas Edison by selling multiple business lines, downsizing the board of directors and slashing the dividend for only the second time since the Great Depression. The Baker Hughes deal gave GE access to that company’s high-tech pumps used in oil wells and other innovative gear. But the target shed other offerings like onshore fracking and North American cementing before the pact was closed. The way Flannery tells it, the company knew things might end sadly all along. “The core conception of the deal is this was a stronger asset combined than we had on our own and it created an optionality in terms of a listed company where we could go,” said Flannery, who inherited the relationship when he succeeded Jeff Immelt in August. “The transaction was contemplating something like this at the outset, as one of the options for the company.” — With assistance by Rick Clough 

https://www.theglobeandmail.com/globe-investor/ge-holds-a-dubious-distinction-among-dow-members/article36971362/

General Electric Co. shares are getting hammered again Tuesday, one day after the industrial conglomerate unveiled a restructuring plan and slashed its dividend by half. "We understand the importance of this decision to our shareowners and we have not made it lightly," chairman and chief executive John Flannery said Monday in a statement. "We are focused on driving total shareholder return and believe this is the right decision to align our dividend payout to cash flow generation." A focus on total return would be welcome: on that metric, the past decade has been especially rough for GE shareholders. In fact, the company holds a dubious distinction among its Dow peers: it's the only index member that has a negative total return over the past 10 years. Story continues below advertisement 

