https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apos-why-time-buy-nvidia-130801855.html

A successful investor understands the importance of adding well-performing stocks to the portfolio at the right time. NVIDIA Corporation NVDA is one such technology stock that has been on a healthy growth trajectory of late. Shares of this California-based graphic chip behemoth have rallied nearly 5% since its reported solid third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. Moreover, the stock has been clocking solid returns in the last year and has soared 158.4%, outperforming the industry's gain of 60.3% over the same period. The stock has an estimated long-term earnings growth rate of 11.2%. With solid prospects, this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock is an attractive pick at the moment. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Stellar Performance in Q3 NVIDIA posted earnings of $1.33 per share on non-GAAP basis, up nearly 60.2% year over year. Non-GAAP earnings also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. The year-over-year rise in the bottom line mainly stemmed from significant revenue growth along with gross margin and operating margin expansion. Revenues surged 31.5% year over year to $2.636 billion.  The figure also comfortably surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.364 billion as well as management’s projection of $2.35 billion (+/-2%). The year-over-year jump is primarily attributable to growth across all the platforms — the GPUs gaming platform, Professional Visualization, datacenter and Tegra automotive platforms. Further, NVIDIA continued to gain strength in the artificial intelligence (AI) space, which positively impacted the quarter’s revenues. Raised Guidance For fourth-quarter fiscal 2018, NVIDIA expects revenues of approximately $2.65 billion (+/-2%), which is much higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.44 billion. For fiscal 2018, the company continues to expect returning $1.25 billion to its shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases. Estimates Northbound Estimates for NVIDIA have moved up in the past seven days, reflecting the optimistic outlook of analysts. Earnings estimates for the current quarter have jumped 5.1% while that of next quarter moved up 3.5%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues is $2.44 billion for current quarter, displaying 12.3% year-over-year growth. Revenues for fiscal 2018 are estimated to be $8.99 billion, reflecting 30% annual growth. For the current quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at $1.03, depicting year-over-year growth of 3.5% while that for fiscal 2018 of $3.66 displays a rise of 42.6%. Positive Earnings Surprise History NVIDIA has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, delivering a positive average earnings surprise of 33.5%. Growth Drivers The company’s sustained focus on introducing fast and innovative products as well as agreements with leading PC game makers have been driving its Gaming GPU business. During the quarter, NVIDIA announced the launch of the new high end graphic card, GeForce GTX 1070 1070 Ti. Available from Nov 2, the card was released to take down AMD’s $400 Radeon Vega 56. We believe this will take the gaming experience to a new level. Hence, the launch of this product will enable NVIDIA to increase its customer base and help in garnering additional revenues. NVIDIA also collaborated with Square Enix to unveil Final Fantasy XV Windows Edition for PC in Gamescom 2017, which is aimed at bringing an enhanced gaming experience to PCs. This deal is a positive for NVIDIA, as it will help the company gain market share among gaming content developers.  Moreover, it joined forces with Activision to bring Destiny 2 online game to the PC for the first time. The company’s Volta-based V100 accelerator was the most notable launch of late. The Volta V100 GPU provides 10 times more deep learning power to the company’s year-old predecessor, Pascal generation GPUs. Recently, Alibaba, Baidu BIDU and Tencent announced that they are adopting NVIDIA Volta GPUs in their datacenters and cloud server, joining Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet’s GOOGL Google and Microsoft MSFT. Demand for NVIDIA’s HGX AI supercomputer also remained high as more organizations are keen on building AI-enabled applications. The company stated that Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo will be using its Volta HGX architecture to build AI systems for datacenters. During the quarter, NVIDIA launched TensorRT programmable inference acceleration platform, thereby improving the performance and reducing the cost of AI inferencing. Notably, more than 1,200 companies are already using this inference platform, including Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Alibaba, Baidu, Hi Vision and Tencent. The company also unveiled a new AI supercomputer chip designed for self-driving cars called Pegasus at its GPU Technology Conference in Europe. This new technology helps to drive fully autonomous robotaxis which can handle the concept of Level 5 self-driving vehicles and uses NVIDIA’s DRIVE PX 2 platform, trained on deep neural networks. Per the company, the new system is capable of delivering 320 trillion operations per second of performance, which is more than 10 times compared with its predecessor. To Conclude We expect these factors to help the company sustain strong momentum and stay afloat amid difficult times. Consequently, we suggest that investors buy the stock for the time being. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?  Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Baidu, Inc. (BIDU) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apos-why-time-buy-nvidia-130801855.html

A successful investor understands the importance of adding well-performing stocks to the portfolio at the right time. NVIDIA Corporation NVDA is one such technology stock that has been on a healthy growth trajectory of late. Shares of this California-based graphic chip behemoth have rallied nearly 5% since its reported solid third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. Moreover, the stock has been clocking solid returns in the last year and has soared 158.4%, outperforming the industry's gain of 60.3% over the same period. The stock has an estimated long-term earnings growth rate of 11.2%. With solid prospects, this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock is an attractive pick at the moment. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Stellar Performance in Q3 NVIDIA posted earnings of $1.33 per share on non-GAAP basis, up nearly 60.2% year over year. Non-GAAP earnings also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. The year-over-year rise in the bottom line mainly stemmed from significant revenue growth along with gross margin and operating margin expansion. Revenues surged 31.5% year over year to $2.636 billion.  The figure also comfortably surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.364 billion as well as management’s projection of $2.35 billion (+/-2%). The year-over-year jump is primarily attributable to growth across all the platforms — the GPUs gaming platform, Professional Visualization, datacenter and Tegra automotive platforms. Further, NVIDIA continued to gain strength in the artificial intelligence (AI) space, which positively impacted the quarter’s revenues. Raised Guidance For fourth-quarter fiscal 2018, NVIDIA expects revenues of approximately $2.65 billion (+/-2%), which is much higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.44 billion. For fiscal 2018, the company continues to expect returning $1.25 billion to its shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases. Estimates Northbound Estimates for NVIDIA have moved up in the past seven days, reflecting the optimistic outlook of analysts. Earnings estimates for the current quarter have jumped 5.1% while that of next quarter moved up 3.5%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues is $2.44 billion for current quarter, displaying 12.3% year-over-year growth. Revenues for fiscal 2018 are estimated to be $8.99 billion, reflecting 30% annual growth. For the current quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at $1.03, depicting year-over-year growth of 3.5% while that for fiscal 2018 of $3.66 displays a rise of 42.6%. Positive Earnings Surprise History NVIDIA has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, delivering a positive average earnings surprise of 33.5%. Growth Drivers The company’s sustained focus on introducing fast and innovative products as well as agreements with leading PC game makers have been driving its Gaming GPU business. During the quarter, NVIDIA announced the launch of the new high end graphic card, GeForce GTX 1070 1070 Ti. Available from Nov 2, the card was released to take down AMD’s $400 Radeon Vega 56. We believe this will take the gaming experience to a new level. Hence, the launch of this product will enable NVIDIA to increase its customer base and help in garnering additional revenues. NVIDIA also collaborated with Square Enix to unveil Final Fantasy XV Windows Edition for PC in Gamescom 2017, which is aimed at bringing an enhanced gaming experience to PCs. This deal is a positive for NVIDIA, as it will help the company gain market share among gaming content developers.  Moreover, it joined forces with Activision to bring Destiny 2 online game to the PC for the first time. The company’s Volta-based V100 accelerator was the most notable launch of late. The Volta V100 GPU provides 10 times more deep learning power to the company’s year-old predecessor, Pascal generation GPUs. Recently, Alibaba, Baidu BIDU and Tencent announced that they are adopting NVIDIA Volta GPUs in their datacenters and cloud server, joining Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet’s GOOGL Google and Microsoft MSFT. Demand for NVIDIA’s HGX AI supercomputer also remained high as more organizations are keen on building AI-enabled applications. The company stated that Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo will be using its Volta HGX architecture to build AI systems for datacenters. During the quarter, NVIDIA launched TensorRT programmable inference acceleration platform, thereby improving the performance and reducing the cost of AI inferencing. Notably, more than 1,200 companies are already using this inference platform, including Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Alibaba, Baidu, Hi Vision and Tencent. The company also unveiled a new AI supercomputer chip designed for self-driving cars called Pegasus at its GPU Technology Conference in Europe. This new technology helps to drive fully autonomous robotaxis which can handle the concept of Level 5 self-driving vehicles and uses NVIDIA’s DRIVE PX 2 platform, trained on deep neural networks. Per the company, the new system is capable of delivering 320 trillion operations per second of performance, which is more than 10 times compared with its predecessor. To Conclude We expect these factors to help the company sustain strong momentum and stay afloat amid difficult times. Consequently, we suggest that investors buy the stock for the time being. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?  Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Baidu, Inc. (BIDU) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/bull-of-the-day-nvidia-nvda-cm877647

 NVIDIA (NVDA) delivered another strong beat-and-raise quarter last week and the stock once again stretched for new highs above $215.
 On the top line, Q3 revenues surged 31.5% year-over-year to $2.636 billion, and surpassed the Zacks consensus estimate of $2.364 billion by 11.5%.
 On the bottom line, NVIDIA posted earnings of $1.33 per share on a non-GAAP basis, up over 60% year-over-year, and clobbering by 41.5% the Zacks consensus of 94 cents per share.
 The robust earnings performance not only stemmed from significant revenue growth but also from gross margin and operating margin expansion.Is NVDA Too Expensive at 50X?
 But many investors wonder if the stock is still a buy as it now trades for 53 times trailing 12-month earnings.
 As an NVDA investor, I have a bias that says "Yes, I would still be a buyer near $200."
 And, after this most recent quarterly report, as I go over the growth profile in all its different business segments and customers, I find multiple reasons to reinforce this view.
 In sum, as long as the leading provider of gaming processors, High Performance Computing in data centers, and emerging AI technologies keeps delivering solid double-digit sales and earnings growth, along with upside surprises each quarter, then paying 48 times the current projection for next year's profits isn't a bad proposition.
 So, two important questions follow...1) Will the market demand for HPC/AI solutions in data center, gaming, and automotive segments continue to grow at high double-digits?
 2) Can NVIDIA maintain their dominant position, even as Intel (INTC) forges a renewed alliance with arch enemy Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) to gain a foothold in GPU processor markets?
 To help you decide whether the current 50X multiple is too expensive for NVIDIA's growth, this article will go over the current and forecast leadership of NVIDIA and why some Wall Street investment banks believe the company is on its way to earning $8 per share in 2020, which would equate to a 31X multiple at high Street targets near $250.Every Major Dude Will Tell You
 The other day I was reviewing all the big announcements at the Beijing GPU Tech Conference in late September, in particular that the giants of China e-commerce Alibaba (BABA), Baidu (BIDU), and Tencent were all new cloud/datacenter customers. I came away with the insight that "everybody is their customer now."
 Then on Monday November 13, from the SuperComputing Conference in Denver, NVIDIA issued a press release highlighting the exact thing...NVIDIA Chosen by Every Major Computer Maker, Every Major Cloud
 DENVER, Nov. 13, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NVIDIA (NVDA) today announced the world's most advanced data center GPU - the NVIDIA (NVDA)® Tesla® V100 GPU based on NVIDIA's Volta architecture - is available through every major computer maker and chosen by every major cloud to deliver artificial intelligence and high performance computing.
 Dell EMC, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Huawei, IBM and Lenovo have all announced Volta-based offerings for their customers. Providers such as Alibaba Cloud, Amazon Web Services, Baidu Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Oracle Cloud and Tencent Cloud have also announced Volta-based cloud services.
 Building on this breadth of offerings, NVIDIA (NVDA) has introduced new software and tools on the NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC) container registry that make it easy for scientists to deploy NVIDIA's accelerated computing platform for compute-intensive research.
 (end of NVIDIA press release excerpt)
 Volta is NVIDIA's latest advance in HPC architecture. It delivers over 100 Teraflops per second (TFLOPS) of deep learning performance, over a 5X increase compared to prior generation NVIDIA Pascal architecture.
 It's important to understand that NVIDIA doesn't just make HPC parallel processing chips for gaming, datacenter, AI, and other applications. The GPU chips with thousands of "cores" come embedded in some version of an overall platform known as CUDA (Compute Unified Device Architecture) which allows developers to immediately begin programming in a common language (say C++) what they want the machine learning system to do.
 So the NVIDIA GPU Cloud (NGC) container registry adds a new level of service and ease of use for corporations applying the technology. In short, NVIDIA has just outdone themselves again in winning over the developer and enterprise communities by creating an extended platform which simplifies software integrations.Deep Learning is NVIDIA's Business Stick with me on mapping who NVIDIA's customers are and, just as importantly, why they are. If you understand this end demand for the technology from the "who's who" of big tech companies, you will better appreciate the potential value of NVIDIA's growth segments and the coming explosion of AI applications that I am going to describe for you in the last two sections.
 So, how does NVIDIA speak to both individual developers and massive enterprises? After they build a CUDA architecture, they make sure that data scientists, entrepreneurs, and organizations can use it.
 In May, the company announced that their Deep Learning Institute was expanding the number and availability of programming courses at little or no cost with the goal of training 100,000 developers by the end of 2018.
 And on October 25, NVIDIA announced immediate availability of the NVIDIA® GPU Cloud (NGC) container registry for AI developers worldwide. Here was the word from that PR...
 In just a few steps, NGC helps developers get started with deep learning development through no-cost access to a comprehensive, easy-to-use, fully optimized deep learning software stack.
 The cloud-based service is available immediately to users of the just-announced Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) P3 instances featuring NVIDIA Tesla® V100 GPUs. NVIDIA plans to expand support to other cloud platforms soon.
 After signing up for an NGC account, developers can download a containerized software stack that integrates and optimizes a wide range of deep learning frameworks, NVIDIA libraries and CUDA® runtime versions - which are kept up to date and run seamlessly in the cloud or on NVIDIA DGX™ systems.
 "The NVIDIA GPU Cloud democratizes AI for a rapidly expanding global base of users," said Jim McHugh, vice president and general manager of Enterprise Systems at NVIDIA. "NGC frees developers from the complexity of integration, allowing them to move quickly to create sophisticated neural networks that deliver the transformative powers of AI."
 (end of NVDA PR excerpt from Oct 25)
 Monday at the SC17 Supercomputing Conference (runs all week in Denver), where dozens of computer makers and cloud service providers launched a wide range of Volta-based products and services, CEO and NVIDIA-founder Jensen Huang proudly described their new achievement...
 "Volta is the world's most powerful platform for AI and HPC, and will allow the world's top minds in scientific research to push the limit on what's possible in areas like drug discovery, alternative fuel sources and predicting natural disasters. With Volta now in data centers and clouds around the world, a new wave of innovation is underway that will have an incredible impact across society."
 With "every major" computer and cloud provider adopting NVIDIA technology, the runway appears clear for continued 30% sales growth over the next 1-3 years.How Far Will 50% Segment Growth Fly?
 Before I break down NVIDIA's segment growth, let me share a few important notes on terminology: "Inference" is the term used to describe the next level of machine learning after "training."
 Inference is sometimes referred to as deep learning. After scientists have "trained" a system on data, then they can have it apply the data set and knowledge to learn new things. Think of the initial training as establishing "weights" for data (baselines) and inference as advanced pattern recognition.
 Gaming is still NVIDIA's biggest end market, claiming nearly 55% of the company's projected $9.4 billion in sales this year and still growing at over 25% annually. And gaming is still the largest global entertainment industry at over $100 billion in annual sales.
 In September, I read several investment bank research reports which indicated that NVIDIA could continue to grow their cloud/datacenter business at over 50% annually for the next 3 years, with sales projections ranging from $7 to $10 billion in 2020 just for this segment.
 Q3 results delivered confirmation of that optimism with Volta adoption driving datacenter segment sales to $501 million, representing 20% sequential (quarter-over-quarter) and 109% annual (year-over-year) growth.
 NVDA noted that there are now more than 1,200 companies using its Volta-based inference platform, and this is why many Wall Street analysts are so enthusiastic about the continued growth in the datacenter space, especially since the total addressable market (TAM) is expected to push over $30 billion in the next 3 to 5 years.
 Automotive is currently a small sales contributor for NVIDIA, at just under 10% of total revenues. But the segment is growing at nearly 50% as NVIDIA forms key partnerships in Europe (with Bosch and PACCAR) and in China (with Baidu) to deliver autonomous driving technology.
 Even cryptocurrency mining is a growth category for NVIDIA, although it may never contribute more than 10% of total sales.The Biggest Market Yet for AI?
 GPU parallel processing architectures will continue to sweep business away from old-line CPU serial processing architectures in the computing market. Since gaming, datacenter, automotive and crypto-mining are all parallel applications growing strong double digits, NVIDIA has a clear path to double revenues in the next 3 to 5 years.
 But there are advanced computing markets on the horizon that many investors haven't thought much about yet, and probably some analysts haven't even incorporated these markets into their models.
 To highlight one of them, I've been in a surreal state of shock since I read a recent Bank of America research report about Augmented Reality. In it, the BofA/ML analysts calculate that last year's total market revenues tied to AR were $5 billion.
 In 2020, they are forecasting this market to grow to $160 billion. That's a 3200% increase over 4 years! That's a CAGR (compound annual growth rate) of 138%!
 I don't know what they see, but I like it.Disclosure: I own shares of NVDA, BABA, AMD, and BIDU for the Zacks TAZR Trader portfolio.Today's Stocks from Zacks' Hottest Strategies
 It's hard to believe, even for us at Zacks. But while the market gained +18.8% from 2016 - Q1 2017, our top stock-picking screens have returned +157.0%, +128.0%, +97.8%, +94.7%, and +90.2% respectively.
 And this outperformance has not just been a recent phenomenon. Over the years it has been remarkably consistent. From 2000 - Q1 2017, the composite yearly average gain for these strategies has beaten the market more than 11X over. Maybe even more remarkable is the fact that we're willing to share their latest stocks with you without cost or obligation.See Them Free>> 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nvda-stock-cruising-ride/

Source: Shutterstock Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has had a banner 2017. The NVDA stock price has doubled so far this year, and it has more than tripled in the last 12 months. NVDA news seemingly has been nothing but positive. Even in a very strong market for large-cap tech, NVDA stock has been a star. But the stock hasn’t been without its skeptics. It seems like ages ago, but as recently as early March NVDA had pulled back more than 15% and dipped below $100 on a pair of analyst downgrades. I’ve expressed some concerns along the way as well, citing potential competition from rivals like improving Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) and an awakened Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). At this point, however, the bear case for NVDA stock seems shattered. The company posted another earnings blowout last week. Artificial intelligence adoption is gaining speed. The valuation looks high – but NVDA news is nothing but good and there are years of growth ahead of the company. Over the past few years, Nvidia has made fools of bearish observers (myself included). At this point, it’s silly to keep fighting the tape and Nvidia’s growth. Nvidia’s fiscal Q3 earnings were something close to flawless. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.33 beat consensus expectations by 38 cents. Revenue, too, beat analyst expectations, rising 32% year-over-year. Gross profit expanded 50 bps year-over-year, and the company guided for a 60% non-GAAP figure in Q4, which simply is a huge number for a chipmaker. And this isn’t a case where the headline numbers are masking weakness within the business. A closer look shows strength across the board. Gaming revenue rose 25% year-over-year. Cryptocurrency demand has helped, but per the Q3 conference call sales actually fell quarter-over-quarter. Still, Nvidia’s strong growth in the category continued. In that area, NVDA news looks much better than that of AMD, whose cryptocurrency reliance was flagged by analysts coming out of its Q3 report. More broadly, the combination of revenue growth and gross margin strength suggests that AMD’s Vega isn’t taking much, if anything, in the way of share from Nvidia and that AMD isn’t able to undercut the company on pricing. Datacenter growth continued to be torrid, rising 109% year-over-year after 180% growth in the first half. That category now is on pace to generate over $2 billion in sales. The Volta GPU is seeing huge and quick adoption from all of the major cloud providers, including Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and even Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NASDAQ:BABA). Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nvda-stock-cruising-ride/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/14/digging-up-the-facts-on-nvidia-corporation-nvda-6/

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Semiconductor – Specialized. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $212.63, down from yesterday’s close by -1.62%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis Does this stock stack up well when compared to its peers in the industry space? Let’s take a look. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) currently trades with a market capitalization of $126.94 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 31.54 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For NVDA, you can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $1.97 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to fall in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $1.14 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 66.95% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis Sometimes, we can understand most about a stock by simply looking at how it has been trading. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, NVIDIA Corporation recorded a 52-week high of $218.67. It is now trading 6.04% off that level. The stock is trading $188.76 its 50-day moving average by -23.87%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $78.50. In recent action, NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) has made a move of +7.43% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.32, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 2.23% with $573.18 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of NVDA. 

https://stocknewsgazette.com/2017/11/14/analyzing-the-insider-data-for-nvidia-corporation-nvda/

Recent insider trends for NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) have caught the attention of investors. Insider data is useful because it can reveal what a company’s executives and largest shareholders feel about a stock. In this case, the data has some interesting things to say about how NVDA might perform in the future. Institutions own 67.56% of NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)’s shares. The total value of these holdings, in millions, is $87,613. Among active positions in the latest quarter, 523 holders increased their positions by a total of 35.26 million shares, 415 holders decreased the positions by a total of 38.35 million shares, and 101 holders held their positions. This works out to a net decrease in ownership of 3.09 million shares, and suggests that institutions are feeling bearish about the stock. Among new and sold out positions, 155 holders initiated new positions by a total of 6.07 million shares and 73 holders exited their positions by a total of 3.69 million shares. This nets out to an increase of 2.38 million shares and is a bullish sign for NVDA. In the last three months, insiders executed a total of 19 trades. 4 of these were buys and 15 were sells. Insider ownership decreased by a total of 744927 shares, which suggests that NVDA’s key executives are feeling less optimistic about the outlook for the stock. The data from the past twelve months tells a similar story: insiders executed 23 buys and 60 sells, and ownership decreased by a net of 2.1 million shares. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The analysis of insider buying and selling trends can be extended to the aggregate level. Short interest, which represents the number of a stock’s shares currently being shorted, captures what the market as a whole feels about a stock. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)’s short interest is 12.8 million shares, or 2.28% of the float. This represents a decrease of -13% in the number of shares being shorted compared to the previous reading, and implies that investors felt less pessimistic about the stock during the past two weeks. Ownership trends and trading patterns can be useful tools for predicting a stock’s performance, but it’s also important to consider the technicals in order to form a more comprehensive view. A composite of 13 technical indicators that includes measures such as moving averages and momentum oscillators suggests that NVDA is a Strong buy, which implies that NVDA is expected to outperform the market based on prior trading patterns. Conclusion 
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Institutional ownership trends suggest that the stock is cheap and the insider trading data indicates that insiders are bearish. Technical indicators (also) suggest that NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is undervalued. 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/Citi%2BRemains%2Bbullish%2Bon%2BNVIDIA%2B%2528NVDA%2529%2BFollowing%2BSC17/13502666.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/surprise-coming-nvidia-nvda-earnings-134001006.html

Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and NVIDIA Corporation NVDA may be one such company. The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for their report. That is because NVIDIA is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity as of late, which is generally a precursor to an earnings beat. After all, analysts raising estimates right before earnings — with the most up-to-date information possible — is a pretty good indicator of some favorable trends underneath the surface for NVDA in this report. In fact, the Most Accurate Estimate for the current quarter is currently at 95 cents per share for NVDA, compared to a broader Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. This suggests that analysts have very recently bumped up their estimates for NVDA, giving the stock a Zacks Earnings ESP of +0.71% heading into earnings season. NVIDIA Corporation Price and EPS Surprise   NVIDIA Corporation Price and EPS Surprise | NVIDIA Corporation Quote Why is this Important? A positive reading for the Zacks Earnings ESP has proven to be very powerful in producing both positive surprises, and outperforming the market. Our recent 10-year backtest shows that stocks that have a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better show a positive surprise nearly 70% of the time, and have returned over 28% on average in annual returns (see more Top Earnings ESP stocks here). Given that NVDA has a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and an ESP in positive territory, investors might want to consider this stock ahead of earnings. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Clearly, recent earnings estimate revisions suggest that good things are ahead for NVIDIA, and that a beat might be in the cards for the upcoming report. Wall Street’s Next Amazon  Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It’s a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius. Click for details >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/nvidia-nvda-3rd-quarter-earnings-what-to-expect-cm874707

Nvidia (NVDA) is scheduled to report third quarter fiscal 2017 earnings results after Thursday’s closing bell. For the three months that ended October, Wall Street expects the Santa Clara, Calif.-based company to earn 94 cents per share, up 13% year-over-year, on revenue of $2.36 billion, up 18% year over year. This compares to the year-ago quarter when earnings were 83 cents per share on revenue of $2.00 billion. For the full year, ending in December, earnings of $3.63 per share would rise about 41%, while full-year revenue of $8.97 billion would rise 30% year over year. With its shares skyrocketing almost 100% year-to-date and well-perched above $200 per share, the semiconductor giant has high expectations to live up to and its own big shoes to fill. But thanks to successes in high-growth markets like artificial intelligence (AI), where Nvidia chips are at the center of autonomous driving technology, the company has posted breathtaking top- and bottom-line growth results, which has crushed Wall Street's estimates the past two years. In the second quarter, Nvidia made a case for why it belongs in the FANG category by crushing Q2 profit estimates by 31 cents as earnings per share grew by a whopping 124% year over year. Just as impressive, revenue growth surged 56% to $2.23 billion, topping the consensus estimates of $1.96 billion, driven by a 52% rise in gaming revenue. The company is also showing more balance and diversification as the datacenter business — the company’s second-largest target market platform by revenue — surged 175%. Will there be any slowdown this quarter? Obviously, triple-digit revenue growth can’t go on forever. But will any growth deceleration be enough to incite investors fear? Earlier this week, Craig Ellis analyst at B. Riley FBR reiterated his Buy rating on Nvidia stock and raised his 12-month price target to $250 from $200, suggesting 20% rise from current levels. This upgrade followed a similar bullish assessment from Jefferies semiconductor analyst Mark Lipacis, who last month reiterated a Buy rating on the stock and upped his 12-month price target from $180 to $230. Lipacis cited Nvidia’s AI chip, which he described as a key catalyst for “upside surprises over the next 18-24 months.” Elsewhere the strength of cryptocurrencies and the crypto-mining crave it has created. To which Mizuho analyst Vijay Rakesh last month argued that NVDA shares will continue to benefit from “strong underlying trends in cryptocurrency and gaming,” which he notes are ahead of the company’s expectations. “We believe NVDA continues to see strong GPU [graphics processing unit] trends in cryptocurrency and gaming. GPU pricing remains up post-launch (of its new graphics chip) given shortage and strong demand,” Rakesh wrote in a note to investors. All told, you would be hard-pressed to find a stronger-executing company today than Nvidia, which despite increased competitive pressures from Intel (INTC) and Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), the company is seemingly operating on all cylinders. While these shares are screaming bargains today, I’m not holding my breath waiting for them to become cheap — not with such strong winds in Nvidia’s sails.    
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nvidia-corporation-nvda/

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) unveiled its latest quarterly earnings results after the bell Thursday. The company posted profit of $1.33 per share, which handily topped Wall Street’s consensus estimate of 95 cents per share, according to data compiled by FactSet. Revenue came in at $2.64 billion, topping analysts’ expectations of $2.37 billion and growing 32% year-over-year. On the gaming front, Nvidia saw revenue pop 25% year-over-year to $1.56 billion, making up more than half of the company’s total revenue. Data center chips rose considerably, increasing 109% to $500 million. The company’s revenue was also aided by its data center business, which saw its revenue skyrocket 175% year-over-year. There was a higher demand from large-scale customers working on artificial intelligence, according to Nvidia. The demand for the company’s graphics chips linked to cryptocurrencies also soared as the price for bitcoin and ethereum have continued to gain traction. Nvidia also said it will increase its dividend from 14 cents to 15 cents per share. The company had been leasing the land for its new headquarters in Santa Clara, California, and it announced that it was now buying the land for about $350 million. Its previous headquarters were in Wachovia. “We had a great quarter across all of our growth drivers,” said CEO Jensen Huang in a statement during the company’s press release. “Industries across the world are accelerating their adoption of AI,” he added at the earnings call. NVDA stock surged 2.6% after the bell Thursday. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nvidia-corporation-nvda/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

