https://seekingalpha.com/news/3308362-3b-lifeline-teva-pharmaceutical

Billionaire businessman Len Blavatnik is looking to buy an up to $3B stake in Teva  (NYSE:TEVA), whose stock price hit a 17-year low last week after the drugmaker cut its annual profit forecast again. The company has a $12.3B market cap. According to Israeli media reports, the investment could either be done through a private stock listing, which would help Teva deal with its nearly $35B debt burden, or the shares could be bought from Allergan (NYSE:AGN). Now read: Teva Punished After Weak Outlook » 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/allergan-agn-beats-q3-earnings-sales-in-line-stock-up-cm869326

 Dublin, Ireland-based Allergan plc AGN  is engaged in the development, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution of branded pharmaceuticals device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products. Allergan has been actively pursuing deals to expand its portfolio especially its branded products offering. Having completed the acquisition of companies like Durata and Forest, Allergan acquired Botox maker, Allergan Inc., in Mar 2015. With this acquisition, Allergan, which was previously known for its strong presence in the generics market, finds itself in the company of the top 10 pharmaceutical companies across the world based on sales. In 2017 so far, through the accretive acquisitions of LifeCell and ZELTIQ, Allergan has expanded its medical aesthetics business into regenerative medicine and body sculpting, respectively. Allergan sold its generics and Anda distribution business to Teva in Aug and Oct 2016, respectively. Allergan's earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%. Currently, Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell), but that could definitely change following the company's earnings report which was just released. We have highlighted some of the key stats from this just-revealed announcement below:  Earnings Beat:  Allergan's third-quarter earnings of $4.15 per share were above our consensus estimate of $4.06 per share.  Revenues In Line:  Revenues came in at $4.03 billion, up 11.4% from the year-ago period, and in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate.  2017 Outlook:  The company narrowed its previously issued earnings and sales guidance for 2017. Allergan expects total revenue in the range of $15.875 billion to $16.025 billion compared with $15.85 billion to $16.05 billion previously. Adjusted earnings per share are expected in the range of $16.15-$16.45 compared with $16.05-$16.45 previously.  Share Price Impact:  Shares were up more than 2% in  pre-market trading  . Check back later for our full write up on this AGN earnings report later !   More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the   iPhone!                       It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market. Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.    Click here for the 6 trades >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  Allergan PLC. (AGN): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research  Dublin, Ireland-based Allergan plc AGN  is engaged in the development, manufacturing, marketing, sale and distribution of branded pharmaceuticals device, biologic, surgical and regenerative medicine products. Allergan has been actively pursuing deals to expand its portfolio especially its branded products offering. Having completed the acquisition of companies like Durata and Forest, Allergan acquired Botox maker, Allergan Inc., in Mar 2015. With this acquisition, Allergan, which was previously known for its strong presence in the generics market, finds itself in the company of the top 10 pharmaceutical companies across the world based on sales. In 2017 so far, through the accretive acquisitions of LifeCell and ZELTIQ, Allergan has expanded its medical aesthetics business into regenerative medicine and body sculpting, respectively. Allergan sold its generics and Anda distribution business to Teva in Aug and Oct 2016, respectively. Allergan's earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%. Currently, Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell), but that could definitely change following the company's earnings report which was just released. We have highlighted some of the key stats from this just-revealed announcement below:  Earnings Beat:  Allergan's third-quarter earnings of $4.15 per share were above our consensus estimate of $4.06 per share.  Revenues In Line:  Revenues came in at $4.03 billion, up 11.4% from the year-ago period, and in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate.  2017 Outlook:  The company narrowed its previously issued earnings and sales guidance for 2017. Allergan expects total revenue in the range of $15.875 billion to $16.025 billion compared with $15.85 billion to $16.05 billion previously. Adjusted earnings per share are expected in the range of $16.15-$16.45 compared with $16.05-$16.45 previously.  Share Price Impact:  Shares were up more than 2% in  pre-market trading  . Check back later for our full write up on this AGN earnings report later !   More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the   iPhone!                       It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market. Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.    Click here for the 6 trades >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/allergan-plc-ordinary-shares-agn-stock-dont-look/

To say that Allergan Plc Ordinary Shares (NYSE:AGN) has had a bad second half of the summer is an understatement. Coming into this earnings report, and since its last earnings report in July, the stock had fallen 30%. On this morning’s earnings report the stock dropped about 2% after the open before rebounding. I am a strong believer in the fact that the short-term reaction to earnings is more gambling than investing. We never know what traders will do, regardless of the quality of the numbers. At these levels, something had to give for AGN stock. It has been lagging the sector. Year-to-date the iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (ETF) (NASDAQ:IBB) is up 19% while AGN down 17%, so it has some catching up to do. Wall Street experts expected a lot of it and set the benchmarks high. As of yesterday, it was trading 27% below the average price target and a whopping 35% below the high. It was even trading 10% below the lowest of analyst expectations. Usually when the price targets are this wrong, the experts reset their expectations. That usually comes in the form of bearish headlines. Luckily, most analysts already are holding pat on the stock. So since they have not been overzealous with their action ratings, the odds of a deluge of downgrades are low. Technically, $160/$180 zone has been pivotal since 2013 when it served as a launching pad for a massive rally. Now it should provide some support. Often what was resistance because forward support. The worry there is that the loss of $190 per share could have triggered a large head and shoulder-like bearish pattern which would target $140 per share. This is not a forecast but I do have to recognize it exists. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/allergan-plc-ordinary-shares-agn-stock-dont-look/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/01/what-the-technicals-say-about-allergan-plc-agn/

Latest evolution in the price of Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) stock has been one of the most talked about matter among the interested investors. Analysts often use price and volume data to predict future stock performance. In the case of AGN, the chart has some interesting things to say about where the stock might be headed. How has the stock performed recently? Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) in the last month has decreased -15.52%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and underperformed a peer group of similar companies by -244%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $177.23, AGN sits below its 52-week high. Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) has been trading in a bearish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that AGN may be headed in the future. Fortunately, there is way to use the speed and magnitude of these price changes to predict future performance, thanks to what are known as momentum indicators. As momentum slows, it might be a sign that a support or resistance level has been reached, and that a trend is about to reverse. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for AGN is 27.17%, which suggests that the stock may be primed for a trend reversal or a breakout to the upside. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 9.06%, tells a similar story, and suggests that AGN currently trades in oversold territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? Volume patterns can also be useful for predicting future performance. When trading activity is abnormally high, it’s often a sign that the market feels particularly strong in one way or another about the future direction of a stock. Allergan plc (AGN) average trading volume of 4,572,950 during the past month is 66% above its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been more active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? AGN is currently undervalued by -26.39% relative to the average 1-year price target of $240.78 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 2.20, which implies that analysts are generally neutral in their outlook for AGN over the next year. How risky is the stock?  In order to put AGN’s recent price performance into context, we need to get a sense of how the stock moves in relation to the overall market. Beta, which measures a stock’s price volatility relative to the market, provides the cleanest measure of systematic risk for a stock. Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN) has a beta of 1.14, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are more extreme than the market as a whole. AGN therefore has a above average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, AGN average daily volatility was 28.04%, which is -5.45 percentage points higher than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/allergan-agn-tops-q3-earnings-154803273.html

Allergan plc’s AGN third-quarter 2017 earnings came in at $4.15 per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $4.06 by 2.2%. Earnings rose 25% year over year as higher revenues offset higher costs. In the quarter, the company recorded an impairment charge of $4.1 billion, primarily related to Restasis and Aczone and another $1.3 billion in impairment charge related to losses on investment in Teva Pharma TEVA securities. Including these charges, the company reported a loss of $12.05 per share compared with a loss of $1.15 per share in the year-ago quarter. Last month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering dry eye drug Restasis, Allergan’s second best-selling drug, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire in August 2024. However, a generic may be launched much earlier. Along with the earnings release, the company said that it has filed a notice of appeal with the court. The impairment charge for Restasis was in relation to this adverse ruling while that for Aczone was in response to generic pressure in the branded acne category. Revenues came in at $4.03 billion, up 11.4% from the year-ago period, and in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Key products like Botox and Restasis and new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi did well in the quarter. However, sales erosion from Namenda XR and loss of exclusivity, mainly from Asacol HD and Minastrin hurt the top line. Third-quarter revenues also benefited from the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (January) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (April) acquisitions Segment Discussion The company reports revenues under three segments – U.S. General Medicine, U.S. Specialized Therapeutics and International. U.S. Specialized Therapeutics’ net revenues increased 18.7% to $1.72 billion driven by continued strong performance of Botox and higher sales of Juvéderm Collection of fillers and Restasis. Botox (cosmetic) raked in sales of $189.7 million (up 8.7%). Botox Therapeutic revenues were $352.1 million, up 15.3%. In addition, Juvéderm Collection of fillers rose 10.1% and Ozurdex sales increased 17.7%, which contributed to the upside. Restasis sales rose 2.9% to $366.8 million in the quarter. Aczone sales declined 32.3% in the quarter to 46.7%. LifeCell’s Alloderm added $84.6 million while ZELTIQ’s CoolSculpting business added $83.4 million to sales in the third quarter. U.S. General Medicine net revenues were flat at $1.5 billion in the reported quarter with sales declining in the Diversified Brands and Women's Health franchises. Anti-Infectives sales rose 28% to $67.2 million, Gastrointestinal rose 2.8% to $443.5 million and Central Nervous System sales rose 9.1% to $355.2 million. Established products like Linzess and Lo Loestrin as well as new products like Namzaric and Vraylar did well in the quarter. Linzess’ sales rose 16.1% in the quarter to $190.9 million, driven by strong demand and favorable trade buying patterns. Lo Loestrin sales rose 13.5% to $120 million backed by strong prescription growth and higher selling prices. However, lower Namenda XR sales hurt the performance of the CNS franchise. Namenda XR sales declined 22.5% to $114.3 million in the quarter due to lower demand, lower pricing and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric. Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept, recorded sales of $37.0 million compared with $33.4 million in the previous quarter. Continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages pulled up sales of Namzaric. Asacol/Delzicol sales declined 31.4% to $49.5 million due to a reduction in demand for Ascaol HD, following the launch of an authorized generic in August 2016 as well as lower demand for Delzicol. In the Women’s Health segment, Minastrin 24 revenues declined 95.8% to $3.6 million in the quarter due to loss of exclusivity in March. The International segment recorded net revenue of $807.8 million, up 13.7% from the year-ago period, driven by growth in Facial Aesthetics, Eye Care and the addition of CoolSculpting. Costs Rise Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses rose 9.2% to $1.10 billion in the quarter, primarily due to higher foreign exchange transactional losses and costs related to acquisitions. R&D expenses increased 4.9% to $405.3 million to support an advancing pipeline. 2017 Outlook Tightened The company narrowed its previously issued earnings and sales guidance for 2017. Allergan expects total revenue in the range of $15.875 billion to $16.025 billion compared with $15.85 billion to $16.05 billion previously. Adjusted earnings per share are expected in the range of $16.15–$16.45 compared with $16.05–$16.45 previously. Adjusted gross margin guidance was maintained in the range of approximately 86.5% and 87%. The company maintained its R&D and SG&A expenses guidance. R&D expenses are expected to be approximately $1.6 billion while SG&A spend is expected between $4.5 billion and $4.6 billion. Our Take Allergan’s third-quarter results were mixed as the company beat expectations for earnings while delivering in-line revenues. While the company slightly lowered its sales guidance, it raised the lower end of the earnings guidance. This probably boosted investor confidence at a time when Allergan is facing multiple challenges. Shares were up 1.5% in pre-market trading. So far this year, Allergan’s share price is down 15.6% compared with the industry’s decline of 29.4%. Allergan is facing patent challenges for quite a few of its products including Generess Fe, Namenda XR and Asacol HD. Other than the adverse ruling related to Restasis, Allergan also recently came under fire for entering into an agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe to protect Restasis from generic competition. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drug makers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs. Meanwhile, new competition for key growth drivers, Restasis and Linzess, is an investor concern. Shire’s SHPG dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.’s SGYP Trulance (plecanatide) has been launched this year for chronic idiopathic constipation, which could pose competition to Linzess. Nonetheless, Allergan’s products like Botox and Linzess and new products such as Viberzi and Vraylar support sales growth. It also boasts a strong branded pipeline while biosimilars also represent significant opportunity. Allergan carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). Allergan PLC. Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise   Allergan PLC. Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise | Allergan PLC. Quote You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone! It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market. Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.  Click here for the 6 trades >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Allergan PLC. (AGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Shire PLC (SHPG) : Free Stock Analysis Report Synergy Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SGYP) : Free Stock Analysis Report Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. 

http://theriponadvance.com/stock-buzz-allergan-plc-agn/121130638/

Allergan plc (AGN) share price fell -4.98% to $175.38 in the last trading session. The Market Cap of the company is $58.79 Billion. The stock’s current distance from 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) is -8.9%, whereas SMA50 and SMA200 are -15.77% and -23.71% respectively. The Average Volume of the company is 3.29 Million, while the Volume of the company in the last trading session was 9.05 Billion. Insider Trading Insider trading is selling or purchasing of a security by someone who has access to material non-public information related to the security. Insider trading can legal or illegal at the same time, depending on when the insider makes the trade. It is illegal when the material information is still non-public—trading while having special information is deceitful to other traders who do not have access to such information. “AGN’s Chairman, President and CEO SAUNDERS BRENT L Buy 86 shares of the company at a price of $239.04 on 2017-06-16. Separately, Director Basgoz Nesli Sell 1889 shares of the company at a price of $220.45 on 2017-05-18.” Piotroski F-Score The Piotroski score is a discrete score ranging from 0-9 that shows nine criteria used to find out the strength of a company’s financial position. It is used to find out the best value stocks, 9 being the best. The company is given one point for every criteria that is met and no points if not met. Subsequently, the points are added up to determine the best value stocks. AGN’s mean Piotroski F-Score: 8 in the past 7 years. Altman Z-Score The Altman Z-score is a statistical tool used to calculate the likelihood of a company’s bankruptcy. It depends on 5 financial ratios, which can be calculated from data found on a firm’s annual 10K report. A score above three means the company is not likely to go bankrupt, while score less than 1.8 suggests the firm is probably headed for bankruptcy. AGNs average Altman Z-Score: 0.92 in the past 7 years. Free Cash Flow Growth FCF is an indicator of a firm’s financial performance, measured as operating cash flow minus capital expenditures. It shows the cash a company is able to generate after spending the money need to maintain or grow its asset base. FCF is an important factor as it enables a company to pursue opportunities that boost shareholder value. Allergan plc’s average Free Cash Flow per Share Growth Rate was -88.6 percent during the past 12 months. Book Value Growth It is the net asset value of a company, calculated as total assets minus intangible assets and liabilities. Book value refers to the total amount a firm would be worth if it liquidated its assets and paid back all its liabilities. Allergan plc’s average Book Value per Share Growth Rate was 15.5 percent during the past 12 months. Profitability and Growth Analysis Allergan plc (AGN) shows its Return on Assets (ROA) value of 8.9 percent, while the Return on Equity (ROE) value is 15.7 percent and Return on Investment (ROI) value stands at 0.1 percent. The company’s Relative strength index is 30.86. Analyst Recommendations Analysis Among analysts who offered their Analysis on Allergan plc (AGN)—6 analysts issued Buy for the stock, 6 analysts gave Outperform rating, 8 think it’s a Hold, 0 issued Underperform, while 0 analyst gave a Sell rating. (These Recommendations are reported by Reuters and are only for the Current Month) Quarterly Profit Outlook Analysis A number of analysts offered their Estimated Earnings analysis for Allergan plc (AGN) for the current quarter. 19 analysts on average projected earnings of $4.76 per share for the current quarter. The High end of the forecast is $4.95 per share, while the Low end is $4.51 per share. Quarterly Revenue Outlook Analysis Average Revenue Estimate for the current quarter is $4.27 Billion, according to consensus forecast of 17 analysts. The High end of the Estimate is $4.34 Billion, while the Low end of the Estimate is $4.15 Billion. The company had Year Ago Sales of $4.23 Billion. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://standardoracle.com/2017/11/03/allergan-plc-agn-fell-4-98-percent-in-the-last-trading-session/

Key Statistics: Allergan plc (AGN) shares fell and closed the day at $175.38, with the percent change of -4.98%. The company has its outstanding shares of 335.2 Million. A total of 9.05 Million shares exchanged at hands and its Average Volume (3 months) is 3.29 Million. The company has a market cap of $58.79 Billion. The SMA20 for the stock is at -8.9 percent, SMA50 stands at -15.77 percent, while SMA200 is -23.71 Percent, according to Finviz reported data. Return on Assets (ROA) value of the stock is 8.9 Percent. The Return on Equity (ROE) and Return on Investment (ROI) values are 15.7 percent and 0.1 percent respectively. The stock currently shows its YTD (Year to Date) performance of -16.49 percent, whereas its Weekly performance stands at -0.54%. The Monthly and Yearly performances are -15.84 percent and -11.38 percent respectively. Piotroski F-Score: The Piotroski score is a discrete score between 0-9 that reflects nine criteria used to determine the strength of a company’s financial position. The Piotroski score is used to determine the best value stocks, nine being the best. For every criteria that is met the company is given one point, if it is not met, then no points are awarded. The points are then added up to determine the best value stocks. Allergan plc (AGN)’s average Piotroski F-Score: 8 during the last 7 years. Altman Z-Score: The Altman Z-score is the output of a credit-strength test that gauges a publicly traded manufacturing company’s likelihood of bankruptcy. The Altman Z-score depends on five financial ratios that can be calculated from data found on a company’s annual 10K report. It uses profitability, leverage, liquidity, solvency and activity to forecast whether a company has a high degree of probability of being insolvent. Allergan plc (AGN)’s mean Altman Z-Score: 0.92 during the last 7 years. Beneish M-Score: The Beneish model is a mathematical model that makes use of financial ratios and eight variables to identify whether a firm has manipulated its profit. The variables are constructed from the data in the company’s financial statements and, once calculated, create an M-Score to illustrate the degree to which the profit has been manipulated. Once calculated, the eight variables are combined together to achieve an M-Score for the company. An M-Score lower than -2.22 indicates that the company will not be a manipulator. An M-Score more than -2.22 suggests that the company is likely to be a manipulator. AGN’s average Beneish M-Score: -1.86 during the last 7 years. Relative Strength Index (RSI): The Relative Strength Index (RSI), developed by J. Welles Wilder, is a momentum oscillator that calculates the speed and change of price movements. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Usually the RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when less than 30. Relative Strength Index (RSI) for Allergan plc (AGN) is at 30.86. Earnings Outlook: The company’s Average Earnings Estimate for the Current Fiscal quarter is $4.76, according to consensus of 19 analysts. They are also projecting the Low EPS estimate of $4.51 and the High EPS estimate of $4.95. Revenue Outlook: The company’s Average Revenue Estimate for the current quarter is $4.27 Billion, while Low and High Revenue Estimates are $4.15 Billion and $4.34 Billion respectively. These Revenue projections are a consensus of 17 Analysts. Profitability Analysis: Profitability analysis greatly helps in making investment decision. Net profit margin of Allergan plc (AGN) was recorded at 77.3 percent, operating profit margin was -20.8 percent, while gross profit margin stands at 87.1 percent. Beta factor was calculated at 1.14. Ratings Analysis: Analysts look for public financial statements, listen in on conference calls and talk to managers and customers of a company in order to reach an opinion and communicate the value of a stock. Ultimately, through all this investigation into the company’s performance the analyst decides if their stock is a “buy,” sell” or hold.” General Motors Company was covered by a number of analysts recently, 6 rated the stock as Buy, 6 rated Outperform, 8 rated Hold, 0 gave an Underperform and 0 rated sell. Volatility Analysis: Volatility is a key factor to observe. When we see the company’s Volatility, it currently has a monthly volatility of 3.52% and weekly volatility of 5.10%. 

http://www.hotstockspoint.com/2017/11/hot-stock-evaluation-allergan-plc-nyse-agn/

On Thursday, Shares of Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN) expressed a change of -4.98% and closed its trade at $175.38. The stock exchanged hands with 9,049,432 numbers of shares compared to its average daily volume of 3.29M shares. When trading is lighter than usual, it is said to be “thin.” When there’s more trading than usual, it is called “heavy trading.” Volume is the basic fuel of the market since stocks move up or down in price only when shares are trading hands. The market capitalization (Stock Price Multiply by Total Number of Outstanding Shares) for the company is reported at $58.79B. The company has its outstanding shares of 335.20M. Outstanding shares refer to a company’s stock presently held by all its shareholders, counting share blocks held by institutional shareholders and restricted shares owned by the company’s officers and insiders. After a recent check, it is observed that the insiders for the firm currently own 0.20% shares. There has been an observed change of -0.27% in the ownership of the shares in the past six months. However, the institutional investors are observed to own 86.10% of the total shares. During last 3 month period, -0.02% of total institutional ownership has changed in the company shares. What Historical Figures Say About Allergan plc (NYSE: AGN)? Before trading, trader, investor or shareholder must have an eye on stock’s historical performance. Analysts review historical return data when trying to predict future returns or to estimate how a security might react to a particular situation, such as a drop in consumer demand. Historical returns can also be useful when estimating where future points of data may fall in terms of standard deviations. Analyzing historical data can give some perception of how a security or market has reacted to various different variables, from regular economic cycles to sudden world events. Shareholders looking to interpret historical returns should keep one caveat in mind: you can’t assume that the future will be like the past. The older the historical return data is, the more likely it is to be less useful when predicting future returns. Historical return data for AGN stock is described below: Looking into last 5 trades, the stock observed a return of almost -0.54%. However, -15.84% over the last one month, -27.72% for the last quarter and year to date performance stands at -16.49%. Important Technical Indicators to Consider: ATR value of the company was 6.86 and Relative Strength Index (RSI) was 30.86. The stock volatility for the week was 5.10% while for the month was 3.52%. The stock was trading at a distance of -31.71% from its 52-week highs and stands 3.38% away from its 52-week lows. AGN’s latest closing price was -23.71% away from the average price of 200 days while it maintained a distance of -15.77% from the 50 Day Moving Average and -8.90% away compared to its SMA 20. Analysts’ Suggestions in the Limelight: Analysts have given a mean recommendation of 2.20 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The mean target price as estimated by the analysts for the company has been recorded at $240.78. Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Hotstockspoint.com are only for information purposes. Hot Stocks Point (HSP) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of Hot Stocks Point; however, human error can exist.   

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/allergan-agn-tops-q3-earnings-154803273.html

Allergan plc’s AGN third-quarter 2017 earnings came in at $4.15 per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $4.06 by 2.2%. Earnings rose 25% year over year as higher revenues offset higher costs. In the quarter, the company recorded an impairment charge of $4.1 billion, primarily related to Restasis and Aczone and another $1.3 billion in impairment charge related to losses on investment in Teva Pharma TEVA securities. Including these charges, the company reported a loss of $12.05 per share compared with a loss of $1.15 per share in the year-ago quarter. Last month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering dry eye drug Restasis, Allergan’s second best-selling drug, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire in August 2024. However, a generic may be launched much earlier. Along with the earnings release, the company said that it has filed a notice of appeal with the court. The impairment charge for Restasis was in relation to this adverse ruling while that for Aczone was in response to generic pressure in the branded acne category. Revenues came in at $4.03 billion, up 11.4% from the year-ago period, and in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Key products like Botox and Restasis and new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi did well in the quarter. However, sales erosion from Namenda XR and loss of exclusivity, mainly from Asacol HD and Minastrin hurt the top line. Third-quarter revenues also benefited from the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (January) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (April) acquisitions Segment Discussion The company reports revenues under three segments – U.S. General Medicine, U.S. Specialized Therapeutics and International. U.S. Specialized Therapeutics’ net revenues increased 18.7% to $1.72 billion driven by continued strong performance of Botox and higher sales of Juvéderm Collection of fillers and Restasis. Botox (cosmetic) raked in sales of $189.7 million (up 8.7%). Botox Therapeutic revenues were $352.1 million, up 15.3%. In addition, Juvéderm Collection of fillers rose 10.1% and Ozurdex sales increased 17.7%, which contributed to the upside. Restasis sales rose 2.9% to $366.8 million in the quarter. Aczone sales declined 32.3% in the quarter to 46.7%. LifeCell’s Alloderm added $84.6 million while ZELTIQ’s CoolSculpting business added $83.4 million to sales in the third quarter. U.S. General Medicine net revenues were flat at $1.5 billion in the reported quarter with sales declining in the Diversified Brands and Women's Health franchises. Anti-Infectives sales rose 28% to $67.2 million, Gastrointestinal rose 2.8% to $443.5 million and Central Nervous System sales rose 9.1% to $355.2 million. Established products like Linzess and Lo Loestrin as well as new products like Namzaric and Vraylar did well in the quarter. Linzess’ sales rose 16.1% in the quarter to $190.9 million, driven by strong demand and favorable trade buying patterns. Lo Loestrin sales rose 13.5% to $120 million backed by strong prescription growth and higher selling prices. However, lower Namenda XR sales hurt the performance of the CNS franchise. Namenda XR sales declined 22.5% to $114.3 million in the quarter due to lower demand, lower pricing and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric. Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept, recorded sales of $37.0 million compared with $33.4 million in the previous quarter. Continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages pulled up sales of Namzaric. Asacol/Delzicol sales declined 31.4% to $49.5 million due to a reduction in demand for Ascaol HD, following the launch of an authorized generic in August 2016 as well as lower demand for Delzicol. In the Women’s Health segment, Minastrin 24 revenues declined 95.8% to $3.6 million in the quarter due to loss of exclusivity in March. The International segment recorded net revenue of $807.8 million, up 13.7% from the year-ago period, driven by growth in Facial Aesthetics, Eye Care and the addition of CoolSculpting. Costs Rise Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses rose 9.2% to $1.10 billion in the quarter, primarily due to higher foreign exchange transactional losses and costs related to acquisitions. R&D expenses increased 4.9% to $405.3 million to support an advancing pipeline. 2017 Outlook Tightened The company narrowed its previously issued earnings and sales guidance for 2017. Allergan expects total revenue in the range of $15.875 billion to $16.025 billion compared with $15.85 billion to $16.05 billion previously. Adjusted earnings per share are expected in the range of $16.15–$16.45 compared with $16.05–$16.45 previously. Adjusted gross margin guidance was maintained in the range of approximately 86.5% and 87%. The company maintained its R&D and SG&A expenses guidance. R&D expenses are expected to be approximately $1.6 billion while SG&A spend is expected between $4.5 billion and $4.6 billion. Our Take Allergan’s third-quarter results were mixed as the company beat expectations for earnings while delivering in-line revenues. While the company slightly lowered its sales guidance, it raised the lower end of the earnings guidance. This probably boosted investor confidence at a time when Allergan is facing multiple challenges. Shares were up 1.5% in pre-market trading. So far this year, Allergan’s share price is down 15.6% compared with the industry’s decline of 29.4%. Allergan is facing patent challenges for quite a few of its products including Generess Fe, Namenda XR and Asacol HD. Other than the adverse ruling related to Restasis, Allergan also recently came under fire for entering into an agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe to protect Restasis from generic competition. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drug makers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs. Meanwhile, new competition for key growth drivers, Restasis and Linzess, is an investor concern. Shire’s SHPG dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy Pharmaceuticals, Inc.’s SGYP Trulance (plecanatide) has been launched this year for chronic idiopathic constipation, which could pose competition to Linzess. Nonetheless, Allergan’s products like Botox and Linzess and new products such as Viberzi and Vraylar support sales growth. It also boasts a strong branded pipeline while biosimilars also represent significant opportunity. Allergan carries a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). Allergan PLC. Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise   Allergan PLC. Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise | Allergan PLC. Quote You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone! It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market. Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.  Click here for the 6 trades >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Allergan PLC. (AGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Shire PLC (SHPG) : Free Stock Analysis Report Synergy Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SGYP) : Free Stock Analysis Report Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/allergan-agn-report-q3-earnings-161604945.html

Allergan plc AGN will report third-quarter 2017 earnings on Nov 1, before the market opens. Last quarter, the company delivered a positive earnings surprise of 1.77%. Allergan’s share price has declined 14.1% this year so far, outperforming the 27.6% decline witnessed by the industry. Allergan’s earnings performance has been mixed so far, with the company beating expectations in three of the past four quarters and missing on one occasion. The average negative earnings surprise over the last four quarters is 0.36%. Let’s see how things are shaping up for this announcement. Factors to Consider At the Q2 call, Allergan had said that third-quarter revenues are expected to be at similar levels to the second quarter. Second-quarter revenues rose 8.8% year over year. Third quarter revenues are likely to be driven by new products like Vraylar, Namzaric and Viberzi, international growth and growth from key established products like Botox and Linzess. However, Namenda IR is facing generic competition, which will continue to hurt sales of the drug. Meanwhile, Namenda XR sales also declined in the previous quarters due to lower demand and shift of promotional efforts to Namzaric, a once-daily, fixed-dose combination of Namenda XR and Aricept. The company does not expect a generic version of Namenda XR to be launched until first quarter of 2018. Investors will be interested to find out how Namzaric performed in the quarter. Last quarter, Allergan saw improved sales of Namzaric due to continued conversion from Namenda XR and higher demand following an expanded label with new dosages. The positive trend is expected to continue. Meanwhile, the addition of Alloderm from LifeCell (Jan 2017) and CoolSculpting body contouring system from ZELTIQ (Apr 2017) acquisitions are likely to support the top line in the quarter. However, loss of exclusivity of Asacol HD and Minastrin may remain an overhang on the top line. Higher promotional expenses for key products, increased costs to support an advancing pipeline and the addition of lower margin LifeCell and ZELTIQ acquisitions can put pressure on Allergan’s margins. In fact, at the Q2 call, Allergan mentioned that SG&A and R&D expenses will be higher in the third quarter compared with the fourth quarter. Higher promotional activities, given the timing of new launches and continued strong promotion for key brands, are expected to lead to higher sales and marketing costs in the third quarter. Investors will also be keen to know management’s plans to protect Restasis, its second best-selling drug, from generic competition. Earlier this month, a Texas federal district court invalidated four of the six patents covering Restasis, potentially opening doors for early generic competition. Restasis patents are scheduled to expire on Aug 27, 2024. Allergan also came under fire recently for its agreement with the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe. Lawmakers questioned the unconventional move adopted by the company to protect Restasis from generic competition. The deal with the Tribe has basically raised concerns that it will curb generic competition in the pharmaceutical industry and discourage generic drugmakers from making cheaper versions of expensive drugs. Investors will also be interested to know the impact of new competition on Allergan’s key products – Restasis and Linzess. Shire’s SHPG dry eye disease drug Xiidra, launched last year, is posing strong competition for Restasis. Meanwhile, Synergy’s Trulance (plecanatide) was launched in the second quarter for CIC, which could pose competition to Linzess. Earnings Whispers Our proven model does not conclusively show that Allergan is likely to beat on earnings this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here, as you will see below. Zacks ESP: The Most Accurate estimate stands at $4.03, while the Zacks Consensus Estimate is pegged higher at $4.06. This results in an Earnings ESP of -0.69%. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter. Zacks Rank: Allergan has a Zacks Rank #4. We caution against Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions. Stocks to Consider Some stocks in the biotech/pharma sector that have a positive Earnings ESP and a favorable Zacks Rank are: Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. ACOR, scheduled to release results on Oct 31, has an Earnings ESP of + 5.53% and a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Clovis Oncology, Inc. CLVS, scheduled to release results on Nov 1, has an Earnings ESP of +2.01% and a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside? Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.      Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.   See the pot trades we're targeting>> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Allergan PLC. (AGN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. (ACOR) : Free Stock Analysis Report Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS) : Free Stock Analysis Report Shire PLC (SHPG) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

