http://www.chron.com/business/energy/article/GE-s-Baker-Hughes-launching-3B-share-buyback-12335397.php

Jordan Blum, Houston Chronicle Caption Close New Baker Hughes a GE company CEO Lorenzo Simonelli speaks during a meeting at the company's office in north Houston, Wednesday, July 5, 2017. New Baker Hughes a GE company CEO Lorenzo Simonelli speaks during a meeting at the company's office in north Houston, Wednesday, July 5, 2017. The newly merged Baker Hughes is launching a $3 billion share buyback program after joining the General Electric family of companies. The massive buyback program follows in the footsteps of many energy carrying more conservative spending plans into 2018 as rising U.S. oil prices still hover below $60 a barrel. The Baker Hughes plan allows it to invest in itself while driving up shareholder value. Baker Hughes stock jumped by more than 7 percent Monday after the news came out, up to nearly $33.50 a share. Baker Hughes is in solid financial shape, but its stock hadn't performed well since its merger with GE's oil and gas division. The company now trades under the "BHGE" stock ticker. The repurchase represents about 8 percent of Baker Hughes' outstanding shares.  "We are pleased that BHGE's strong balance sheet enables us to not only return value to shareholders through our regular quarterly dividend and share repurchases, but also invest in opportunities that will strengthen our fullstream portfolio and drive long-term growth," said Lorenzo Simonelli, Baker Hughes chairman and CEO. Monday's announcement is an important step toward returning value to shareholders after Baker Hughes' recent weak stock performance that has declined in tandem with the GE parent company, said James West, an energy analyst at investment bank Evercore ISI in New York. Get Unlimited Digital Access to Houston’s Enterprise Business News Activate for access to HoustonChronicle.com today! 

http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171106005517/en/Baker-Hughes-GE-company-Announces-3-Billion

HOUSTON & LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE) ("BHGE" or the "Company") today 
      announced that its Board of Directors has authorized Baker Hughes, a GE 
      company, LLC (“BHGE LLC”) to repurchase up to $3 billion of its common 
      units from BHGE and GE. The Company will use the proceeds from the sale 
      of its BHGE LLC common units to repurchase its Class A shares. In 
      addition, the Company also announced its intention for BHGE LLC to issue 
      new debt.
      
      “Today’s announcement represents an important step in our plan to 
      optimize BHGE’s capital structure. We believe the buyback is an 
      attractive use of cash given the value of our franchise and the highly 
      accretive nature of this program,” said Lorenzo Simonelli, BHGE Chairman 
      and Chief Executive Officer.
     
      “At the current share price, this repurchase represents approximately 
      eight percent of the Company's outstanding shares. We are pleased that 
      BHGE’s strong balance sheet enables us to not only return value to 
      shareholders through our regular quarterly dividend and share 
      repurchases, but also invest in opportunities that will strengthen our 
      fullstream portfolio and drive long-term growth."
     
      BHGE and BHGE LLC have also entered into an agreement with GE whereby 
      BHGE LLC will repurchase its common units from GE on a pro rata basis 
      and on the same terms as it repurchases common units from BHGE. The 
      proceeds distributed to BHGE will be used to repurchase Class A shares 
      on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The 
      repurchases will not materially change BHGE and GE’s relative economic 
      interests in BHGE LLC or BHGE’s Class A and Class B stockholders’ 
      relative voting interest.
     
      BHGE may from time to time enter into one or more 10b5-1 plans to effect 
      the repurchase of its Class A shares. The repurchase program may be 
      suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified 
      expiration date.
     
Forward-Looking Statements
 
      This news release (and oral statements made regarding the subjects of 
      this release) may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning 
      of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 
      21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (each a 
      “forward-looking statement”). The words “anticipate,” “believe,” 
      “ensure,” “expect,” “if,” “intend,” “estimate,” “project,” “foresee,” 
      “forecasts,” “predict,” “outlook,” “aim,” “will,” “could,” “should,” 
      “potential,” “would,” “may,” “probable,” “likely,” and similar 
      expressions, and the negative thereof, are intended to identify 
      forward-looking statements. There are many risks and uncertainties that 
      could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking 
      statements. These forward-looking statements are also affected by the 
      risk factors described in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 
      S-4 (File No. 333-216991), filed by the Company with the SEC and 
      declared effective on May 30, 2017; the Company’s subsequent quarterly 
      reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended June 30, 2017 and 
      September 30, 2017; and those set forth from time to time in other 
      filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The 
      documents are available through the Company’s website at: www.investors.bhge.com 
      or through the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval 
      (“EDGAR”) system at: www.sec.gov.
     
      Statements in this press release regarding share repurchases and debt 
      issuances that are forward-looking are based on management’s estimates, 
      assumptions and projections, and are subject to significant 
      uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 
      Important risk factors could cause future events to differ materially 
      from those currently estimated by management, including, but not limited 
      to the following:
     
      No assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the 
      forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do 
      occur, what impact they will have on our results of operations, 
      financial condition or cash flows. We undertake no obligation to 
      publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement.
     
      About Baker Hughes, a GE company
     
      Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE: BHGE) is the world’s first and only 
      fullstream provider of integrated oilfield products, services and 
      digital solutions. We deploy minds and machines to enhance customer 
      productivity, safety and environmental stewardship, while minimizing 
      costs and risks at every step of the energy value chain. With operations 
      in over 120 countries, we infuse over a century of experience with the 
      spirit of a startup – inventing smarter ways to bring energy to the 
      world.
     
 
      Baker Hughes, a GE companyMedia Relations:Stephanie 
      Cathcart, +1 202-549-6462stephanie.cathcart@bhge.comorMelanie 
      Kania, +1 713-439-8303melanie.kania@bhge.comorInvestor 
      Relations:Philipp Mueller, +1 281-809-9088investor.relations@bhge.com
 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3308581-baker-hughes-big-buyback-highlights-contrast-beaten-ge-parent

Baker Hughes (BHGE +7.4%) surges in reaction to its $3B share buyback authorization, which Ben Levisohn of Barron's says shows the company is "in a far different boat than beaten-down parent" General Electric (GE). Bernstein analysts argue that BHGE has "strong cash generation capabilities" and could even consider raising its dividend in the future. A stock buyback program "is not necessarily expected to extend indefinitely," the firm writes. "However, there remains a gap between BHGE and Schlumberger's (SLB +5%) dividend yields, and management may choose to close this gap at a later point in this cyclical recovery." See all stocks on the move » 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/06/reading-the-tea-leaves-for-baker-hughes-a-ge-company-bhge-3/

Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) stock flux has recently been causing stir among the investment community. Analysts often use price and volume data to predict future stock performance. In the case of BHGE, the chart has some interesting things to say about where the stock might be headed. How has the stock performed recently? Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) in the last month has decreased -14.65%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and outperformed a peer group of similar companies by 153%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $31.18, BHGE sits below its 52-week high. Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) has been trading in a bearish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that BHGE may be headed in the future. If we want to get a sense of BHGE’s future performance, we have to look at the speed and size of these price movements. Using what are known as momentum indicators, we can use the stock’s price momentum to get a sense of whether the stock is in the midst of, or nearing the end of, a current trend. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for BHGE is 34.45%, which suggests that the stock is not particularly expensive or cheap, and not predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 25.36%, tells a different story, and suggests that BHGE currently trades in oversold territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? Analysts use volume trends to assess the level of conviction behind a stock’s price changes. When volumes suddenly increase above normal levels, it can be a sign that investors feel very strongly in one way or the other about the future direction of a stock, or may even have access to inside information. Baker Hughes, a GE company (BHGE) average trading volume of 4,148,630 during the past month is 37.77% above its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been more active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? BHGE is currently undervalued by -19.14% relative to the average 1-year price target of $38.56 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 2.50, which implies that analysts are generally neutral in their outlook for BHGE over the next year. How risky is the stock?  When analyzing a stock’s price performance, it’s essential to take risk into account. Beta, which measures a stock’s volatility relative to the overall market, can be used to gauge the level of systematic risk associated with a particular stock. Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) has a beta of 0.80, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are less extreme than the market as a whole. BHGE therefore has a below average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, BHGE average daily volatility was 34.34%, which is 43.07 percentage points lower than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/06/royal-bank-of-canada-analysts-give-baker-hughes-a-ge-company-class-a-bhge-a-38-00-price-target.html


					Posted by Stefani Robinson on Nov 6th, 2017 // No Comments  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A (NASDAQ:BHGE) has been assigned a $38.00 price objective by analysts at Royal Bank Of Canada  in a report released on Wednesday, October 25th, Marketbeat Ratings reports. The brokerage presently has an “outperform” rating on the stock. Royal Bank Of Canada’s price target indicates a potential upside of 13.31% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other brokerages have also issued reports on BHGE. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $40.00 price target on shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A in a research note on Sunday, September 10th. Barclays PLC  set a $43.00 target price on shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, September 29th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc  restated a “neutral” rating and set a $38.00 price target (down previously from $42.00) on shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A in a research report on Monday, October 2nd. J P Morgan Chase & Co lowered their price target on shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A from $32.00 to $30.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, September 21st. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies  restated a “hold” rating on shares of Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A in a research report on Tuesday, October 24th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $40.74. Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A (NASDAQ BHGE) traded up $2.35 during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $33.54. 1,978,364 shares of the stock traded hands.  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A (NASDAQ:BHGE) last posted its earnings results on Friday, October 20th. The company reported $0.05 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by ($0.07). The business had revenue of $5.38 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.52 billion. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 77.7% compared to the same quarter last year.  COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A (BHGE) Given a $38.00 Price Target by Royal Bank Of Canada Analysts” was first  reported by TrueBlueTribune and is the sole property of of TrueBlueTribune. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/06/royal-bank-of-canada-analysts-give-baker-hughes-a-ge-company-class-a-bhge-a-38-00-price-target.html.  In other news, insider Matthias L. Heilmann bought 1,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, October 26th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $30.04 per share, with a total value of $45,060.00. Following the acquisition, the insider now directly owns 3,500 shares in the company, valued at $105,140. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Lorenzo Simonelli bought 6,100 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, August 18th. The stock was bought at an average price of $32.99 per share, for a total transaction of $201,239.00. Following the acquisition, the insider now directly owns 9,139 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $301,495.61. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here.  Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. American Century Companies Inc. bought a new stake in  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A during the third quarter valued at $219,160,000.  State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D purchased a new position in shares of  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A in the third quarter worth about $43,351,000.  Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A in the third quarter worth about $38,183,000.  New York State Teachers Retirement System purchased a new position in  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A during the 3rd quarter valued at about $25,393,000.  Finally, APG Asset Management N.V. purchased a new position in  Baker Hughes, a GE company Class A during the 3rd quarter valued at about $24,992,000.     Receive News & Ratings for Baker Hughes a GE company Class A Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Baker Hughes a GE company Class A and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

http://host.madison.com/business/investment/markets-and-stocks/is-ge-s-dip-a-good-time-to-buy/article_3007c308-c196-5abb-80a2-0582bb4005a2.html

General Electric's (NYSE: GE) shareholders have not been thrilled with the company in the last several years, and they're probably not too happy with its recent precipitous drop, either. But with a new CEO in charge, GE might be just now starting to turn that trend around. In this week's episode of Industry Focus: Energy, host Sarah Priestley and Fool contributor Sean O'Reilly look through GE's last few earnings reports and explain what's been going wrong with the company. Also, they look at how new CEO John Flannery might change things around in a few huge ways, whether or not this week's drop could be a buying opportunity, and more. A full transcript follows the video.  This video was recorded on Nov. 2, 2017.  Sarah Priestley: Welcome to Industry Focus, the show that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. Today, we're talking energy and industrials. It's Thursday, November 2nd, and we're going to be weighing in on GE and discussing the rumor mill around the November 13th announcement. Joining me in the studio is longtime host of the show and Motley Fool contributor, Sean O'Reilly. Sean O'Reilly: Good morning, Sarah! Priestley: How does it feel to be back in the studio? O'Reilly: I was just thinking to myself, I have the headset on, I have the chair, I have my computer in front of me, and I got a flowy Zen state. Like, this is just like old times, this is great. It's like riding a bike. Priestley: So, no yoga for you, just come to the studio. O'Reilly: I do have to say, once again, the British accent is the greatest addition to this show. Like John Oliver is the best late-night comedy show, and although they do fantastic research, it's just the British accent. Priestley: I think you're going to have people writing in contesting that.  O'Reilly: Really? I mean, Dylan sounds fun, too, but ... [laughs]  Priestley: So, today we're going to be talking about GE, as I said. Year-to-date, the stock is down 36.5%. So, there's some very annoyed GE investors. In the October report, GE had its first profit miss in two and a half years. The company cut full year earnings targets, and many analysts are speculating that a dividend cut might be coming soon. For some background check, if you're just getting interested in GE, it's been through a period of divestitures to refocus on its industrial core. In the past few years, they've sold off their real estate portfolio, while most of GE Capital sold home goods, which is dishwashers and appliances, and their media properties. More recently, they're selling their water business, their electrical equipment business, and now even the light bulb business is up for sale. O'Reilly: They can't get rid of that. Priestley: Edison is turning in his grave. Facing cyclical headwinds, particularly in the Power and Oil and Gas segment and causing investors to worry about cash flow. So, only three months into the job, new CEO John Flannery is facing pressure from activists Trian Partners and other investors to reduce costs. Flannery became CEO August 1st. What do you make his performance so far? O'Reilly: We he went in there and cleaned house. I think for the first couple of months, he read up on every division and met with people. He did, unsurprisingly, because of his history in Finance at GE and at Healthcare, he expanded the gross margin a bit. We'll talk about that later. But, he's probably doing the necessary things. It's when we talk about the future that things get dicey. I think he's an awesome guy. I just wonder what the board of directors choosing him says about what everybody thinks the future of GE is. Priestley: I think that's a very good point. I think he was kind of an underdog for the position, and there was a really interesting piece when they announced this, Immelt said that at one point, Flannery was in his doghouse. O'Reilly: Oh my gosh. I missed that, what happened? Priestley: I don't know. That's all he said. He said he's run five different businesses, or, he's been part of five different businesses, and at one point he was in his doghouse. So, for me, I think this speaks to the fact that people are looking for a change in culture. O'Reilly: That's so interesting. If there's one thing that I would never question about Mr. Flannery, it's his loyalty to the company. He went to India. They asked him to go to India and Japan to start getting things going there. We actually don't know a great deal about the results that he got there. They talk it up. We don't have a ton of data or anything. But, he's been with them for 30 years. He's literally a company man. So, it's funny that she was in the doghouse. The loyalty is there, so what was the disconnect? Priestley: Yeah, and it seems like he's gone in there with a really clear idea of what he wants to do. Like you said, he's cleaned house. There's been some executive moves. He wants to sell underperforming businesses, cut costs, and he's given Trian a seat on the board, which I guess is debatable. But, something he had said that I think is interesting, he says GE has a number of strong franchises, but other businesses drain investment and management resource without the prospect of substantial reward. So, he has laser focus on getting rid of those. O'Reilly: It reminds you a little bit of what Jack Welch did back in the 80s. It's interesting, Flannery, like me, he's a finance guy. Welch, he has a degree in industrial chemicals or something. You're the industrial girl. He's technically a scientist from college, but he worked his way up through the ranks, from a chemical engineer to something. But, he went in there and was like, "If we're not No. 1 or No. 2 in a market, we're selling a business." And he sold a ton, and plowed that money into stuff. Time will tell, but yeah. Priestley: I think you're right. I think that could be his intention. I think something that I really like about him is he has skin in the game. He bought $2.7 million of stock shortly after becoming CEO. O'Reilly: That's a chunk of change. Priestley: We don't know, that could be loose change to this guy. But I like seeing CEOs put money where their mouth is. O'Reilly: For sure. Priestley: He's saying a lot of the right things about cutting corporate expenses. The jets have taken up a lot of media time. O'Reilly: [laughs] I read it on the way in, there were like, 700 company cars that executive could use. I was picturing, 700 cars, did they just have a giant parking garage? A giant parking structure somewhere? [laughs]  Priestley: And ironically, that wasn't the worst thing. But I think a lot of these have been exaggerated. But, the very fact that he's addressing this small, low hanging fruit is a good sign. It's a good sign of a change in the industry. You touched on Healthcare, we have slightly different views on this. I think that in two years, which is a very short time -- O'Reilly: For sure. Priestley: -- in a leadership position, he did make an impact. He delivered organic growth, which for a mature company, is kind of rare. But yeah, what do you make? O'Reilly: You remember when I called in, it was the first or second episode that you took the reins. Taylor Muckerman was here, and Muckerman contributed to the Baker Hughes discussion, which, a lot of GE's future is tied to this. And everybody would look like a genius if oil prices double tomorrow. That's the other fun part about all of this. Anyway. Every press release, every interview, everybody, the first thing they talk about with Flannery was his GE Healthcare performance. I wish I knew about their diagnostic machines. I don't. I've got Market Share data here, but we don't know how tough that business is. I don't know if they just need more sales people to get hospitals to buy these things. We don't know how hard it was. Nevertheless. Everybody talked this thing up. And profits went from, I think he took the reins in spring 2014 or something, then you have to get a handle on things. But, margins were up 100 basis points, as you mentioned. Revenue for GE Healthcare went from $18.3 billion, and then they stayed flat. But then comes to margin expansion. Operating profits for the division in 2014 were $3 billion. They dipped in 2015 to $2.9 billion, which is kind of like, OK, what's going on there. Then it rallied to $3.2 billion. But over that same timeframe, I got, ha-ha, Aviation. I had to, because I'm with you. Priestley: It's my favorite. O'Reilly: Revenues for that division, 2014, they go to $24 billion, they go to $26.3 billion, and then profits for that division, this was awesome, up 25% over those two years, $5 billion to $6.1 billion. So, everybody was calling them out as this awesome manager, and he cut costs and saved or whatever. But the growth was not there. It was literally flat, $18.3 to $18.3 over 2015 to 2016. Profits, it rallied a little bit. Again, we don't know how hard it is to sell these diagnostic machines. This is not exactly gum. You only buy a machine for 20 years. Priestley: Yeah. And I would say, the 2015 results were probably somewhat instigated in 2014 when he wasn't there. O'Reilly: For sure. Priestley: So, I think people saying that he improved margin and everything else, a lot of people are probably taking the 2015 to 2016 stats. And I do think it's a very short amount of time to be in leadership. So, people are probably clutching at straws a little bit, but I think you can read some positive signs in there. The recent results for GE, in case anybody has missed it, they missed estimates. They were meant to get $0.49 per share and came in at $0.29 per share. They incurred huge restructuring charges. At first glance, their revenue was up 10%. But as you mentioned earlier, the Baker Hughes merger really contributed to that. If you take that out, it would have been flat. The equipment segments revenue climbed 10%, power business profit caved 50%. So, all of this basically generated a lot of concern over cash flow. GE is such a huge company, it has good cash flow but not good enough. If you look, they had a target of $12 billion for the year. This has fallen to $7 billion. They have a historical capex of $4 billion. The problem being, dividend payments run $8.8 billion. O'Reilly: You had to feel bad for him on the conference call. I think the first words out of his mouth were, more or less, unacceptable or something. Priestley: Yeah, he apologized for the results. O'Reilly: You had to feel for him. It's like you mentioned with Healthcare. The results that we just witnessed, he didn't do that, at all. Priestley: Yeah. And incoming CEOs have to deal with this a lot. But, I like the approach that he took. He seems very much investor focused. He actually said he had a history of focusing on what the investor wants. However, a lot of investors believe the stock is a blue chip, safe 4.5% dividend yield. O'Reilly: Founded by Thomas Edison! Priestley: Exactly, a 125-year-old business. And it's likely, I believe, that they're going to cut that dividend. O'Reilly: Yeah, I was reading on the way in, forgive me, I think Jeremy Bowman at The Fool wrote it, but he pointed out that in the conference call, what did he say, they have to balance the dividend with their growth initiatives. Priestley: Yeah, and I think that's sensible. O'Reilly: For sure. But, if your dividends guy, I mean, everyone went nuts. The stock fell 13%. Priestley: Yeah. It's the worst performance since the Great Recession in one week. O'Reilly: [groans] And they had the Finance arm then. [laughs]  Priestley: It's not as terrible as people think, because they have a lot of cash on hand. They could finance this. The thing is, there's such a change in attitude. Jeff Immelt said dividend was sacrosanct. He said cutting it in 2009 was the worst day of his tenure. Yet, Flannery has come in and said, there are no sacred cows. Capital allocation is an emotionless decision. As you said -- O'Reilly: Which is awesome. Anybody who says that, you want. Priestley: Exactly. When you get companies this big, this mature and hard to grow, I think you need somebody to come in and make the tough choices. O'Reilly: Right, like getting rid of all those jets and cars and stuff. Priestley: Yeah, exactly. So, we're going to hear about the potential with the dividend on the November 13th meeting. There's been a lot of rumors around it. But, what are you looking for when they announce? O'Reilly: It depends. You could do the ExxonMobil route. We've had this downturn in the oil sector for a long time. Is it the three-year anniversary this Thanksgiving? We called it with Crowe and Muckerman, the Thanksgiving Day Massacre, OPEC refused to cut production in 2014. But, ExxonMobil has kept up their dividend. I think that used literally the same words, sacrosanct, that we're going to do this. Their balance sheet is so big. You issue debt, you have a little cash flow, it's fine, and you ride it out. I'm of the opinion that, in order to really get things going for GE and be here in another 125 years, I need to go all in on the innovation and growth. You look at Google, for example, I think they make $26 billion, and they spent $12 billion on R&D. That actually borders on irresponsible. That's a lot of money. There's all these moonshots. GE, market share, they're No. 2 in the world for making wind turbines, for example. That business, how many wind turbines were there 20 or 30 years ago? They need to be doing more of that in order to really maintain this leadership position in corporate America and the world. Let's just face it, things are changing. It's faster now. Priestley: You actually said this earlier, you made the an analogy with Jack Welch talking about how he used to sell the big companies in order to fund some of these ventures. And that's possibly something we could see. Flannery plans to sell about $20 billion worth of businesses.  O'Reilly: That's walking around money. [laughs]  Priestley: Yeah. On the chopping block is the transport division, I think that contributed $4.7 billion of total revenue of $124. And then, the Healthcare technology segment, which is Centricity. I actually don't know much about Centricity. O'Reilly: I wish. Priestley: That's also potentially going to be up for sale. So, we might see some of this legacy plan that used to be inactive revisited. But, we're certainly going to see a new operating process put in place. We're also going to see a change in how they communicate to investors. I don't know if you've seen any of this, but the SEC sent them a commentary note to say they're kind of irresponsible and how they present to investors. O'Reilly: This is the old story about GE's creative accounting. Priestley: Absolutely. It's Jeff Bornstein, right, the ex-CFO. O'Reilly: He's out now, right? Priestley: He is out, and understandably, I think if you take into consideration the fact that Immelt confirmed the guidance last December of, what was it, $2 a share? O'Reilly: The number, the number $2.12 popped into my head for some reason but I have no idea... Priestley: Well, they're going to miss it by about 50%, so it is irresponsible. And I think that use a lot of terms that aren't generic in the industry. For example, their non-gaap core EPS is worded as "industrial operating plus verticals/EPS." O'Reilly: Say that five times fast, right? Everybody worships Jack Welch. And he did some things there that were very admirable. But the bottom line for that man was, as I understand it, EPS growth, earnings-per-share growth. And any investor that's starting to learn about accounting, earnings per share is this wonderfully creative -- Priestley: Fudgeable. [laughs]  O'Reilly: -- fudgeable, gaap-y thing. I can't even say what you just said, plus vertical ... why? Priestley: The good news is, the incoming CFO, Jamie Miller, she's promised to go back to basics and revisit -- O'Reilly: Finance 101. Priestley: Yeah, so that's perfect. O'Reilly: I do have to ask you since I have you here -- I'm going to play host for a second -- what did you guys at Rolls-Royce, what was the opinion on the floor of GE Aviation? Priestley: We always saw GE as our main competitor, despite the fact that they're a much bigger company. But in aviation, it's a two-horse race. O'Reilly: Duopoly. Priestley: And I think the perception was they had a lot better manufacturing processes, that they probably had less bureaucracy, although I think that's a bad perception. I think every company has a huge amount of bureaucracy, particularly in an industry so heavily regulated as that. O'Reilly: Right. Because they fly planes with people in them. Priestley: Yes. But, the perception definitely was, they were a little bit ahead of the curve in terms of the power by the hour industrial internet applications, a little bit ahead of the curve in the manufacturing process. What Rolls-Royce really holds there is the innovation and the engineering quality. But whether or not that's true, I think it's basically peanuts at this point. If anybody is looking at GE's stock now and thinking, it's down 35%, would it be a buying opportunity for you? O'Reilly: Turnaround story. Gosh, it just sunk below 20. I'm looking at it right now. $19.91 as of 11:25 a.m. on November 2nd. Yowza. Dividend yield 4.8%, is that real? [laughs]  Priestley: Beware of the dividend yield. O'Reilly: Right. I might need to look at this as a Ben Graham below book value thing soon. That's what makes a market, you have a bull and a bear. So far today, 31 million shares have traded hands. Somebody sold that, and somebody bought all that. Actually, it was probably an algorithm that doesn't care. It's an unknown quantity, but if you're buying the innovation ramp up and the industrial internet stuff, it would be a fantastic bargain. What I'm nervous about and the reason I'm not jumping into the stock just yet for me or my son's education account or anything like that yet is, my read on Flannery and the choice of him was ... they had faster-growing divisions. The time he was at GE Healthcare, 2014 to 2016, they had faster growing divisions in both revenue and profits, why did they pick him? Literally the first thing out of everybody's mouth was the profit margin, operating margin 100 basis-point expansion. He was the finance guy. He actually helped start GE Finance in the 80s. And to me, I would have wanted what Ford has done. They got a hip tech guy from Steelcase. I think they need to go all in on crazy innovation. What I saw was, they picked somebody like me, a finance guy. Awesome with spreadsheets but Eddie Lampert, CEO of Sears, he's a finance guy, and you hear these stories about how he would just sit with dual monitors in his office running a Sears with massive Excel spreadsheets. And to me, it seemed to me like you needed to get some fashion people and have them go nuts with inventory. Priestley: I think you and I have differing views on the stock right now. O'Reilly: You probably have the correct one. [laughs]  Priestley: I mean, I could have egg on my face as soon as the 13th of November. But, I actually have invested. I think it's priced well. O'Reilly: It was the dividend, wasn't it? [laughs]  Priestley: It really got me, that 4.8%. And the reason I think this is, Buffett be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful. I think this is a prime example of this. And I think if people wait to see how things shake out it may be too late. This company has been around for 125 years. It's a long time. I think management is trimming the fat and appropriately diversifying. I think the crux of the issue for the company is a PR one. GE has historically been a power, oil and gas company, and those businesses are undoubtedly underperforming. And when those three segments fail, GE doesn't work properly in people's minds, and that has led to some panic. So, understandably so, to a degree, these segments contribute about 50% of the revenue. But to put it into perspective, revenue declined 1%, operating profit 7%, and earnings were off by 9%. So, that's bad for GE. You then have these other segments, as you touched on, Aviation and Healthcare posting profit gains, and organic revenue rising 2% for the first nine months of this year. So, I think the situation you have is, it's getting a bad rap because everybody is so focused on these businesses. But, to touch on what you said, if they can invest in innovation, the industrial internet, if they can add services to their installed base, which is huge -- O'Reilly: Which would be awesome. Priestley: -- if they can monetize that, it would deliver growth. The margins are 30% in that business. O'Reilly: Oh my gosh. I didn't know that. That's like a SAAS business, software-as-a-service. You're getting money for taking care of this thing that you sold them. It's awesome. Priestley: Exactly. And if anyone is listening and they're wondering what we're talking about with this internet of things, industrial internet, for each industrial device GE sells, they can add a little sensor that makes the equipment smart. O'Reilly: Can they put one of those in me? Priestley: [laughs] I wish they would do it to me, too. It can record a lot of data. It sends it back to GE, it's analyzed, and then GE basically enacts improvement suggestions so it can become more efficient, it can last longer. Basically, the intention is to reduce the overall cost of that product. As we said, their core industrial operation is cyclical, it tracks the economy, and that's why you're seeing the difficulty that they're having right now in Power with the oversupply in the market, and would be depression in stock prices in oil and gas. O'Reilly: I almost wonder, we just got a good GDP report, annualized basis was like 3%. I wonder if that's good for them. Priestley: It should be. We're starting to see a pickup in oil and gas now. So, hopefully they'll benefit from that. But, if basically your whole business, which, 50% of their business is tied to economic growth, which is a few percentage points here and there, what could really unlock the huge amount of potential is increasing these service contracts. As we said, it's 30% potential additional margin. O'Reilly: For sure. Priestley: Awesome having you today. Thank you so much! O'Reilly: This was a wonderful conversation! I've missed it. I'm just going to stand outside the studio. Priestley: I think you should come back. I think we should talk about it and see if I'm completely wrong on -- O'Reilly: OK, I'll be back in two weeks. That'll be good. [laughs]  Priestley: I think a lot of the worry about the dividend is priced in right now. O'Reilly: Yeah. Priestley: That's my theory. But there could be a mass exodus. Anyway, thank you very much, Sean, for coming in and sharing your wisdom. O'Reilly: Cannot thank you enough for the invite. Priestley: That's it from us today. If you would like to get in touch, please feel free to email us at industryfocus@fool.com or tweet us on Twitter @MFIndustryFocus. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For Sean, I'm Sarah Priestley. Thanks for listening and Fool on! Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Sarah Priestley owns shares of General Electric. Sean O'Reilly has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares) and Ford. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.  More from madison.com partners 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/could-ge-stock-plunge-bottom-17/

Source: Flickr It’s not a good time to be a shareholder in General Electric Company (NYSE:GE). GE stock continues to free-fall and the hope is that it’s putting in some sort of bottom near $20. General Electric stock has failed to hold major support twice now. GE’s earnings report was just too much — it put many shareholders over the edge. Maybe it’s the capitulation we’ve been waiting for, but perhaps there’s more downside left. Put simply, General Electric earnings in mid-October were not pretty. GE beat on revenue estimates, but earnings of just 29 cents per share came in woefully below analysts’ estimates of 49 cents. Further, it cut the full-year guidance range down to $1.05-$1.10 per share, down from a previous $1.60-$1.70 per share. Given that it just reported third-quarter earnings, that tells us how bad its fourth quarter is going to be. Finally, management finally admitted the GE dividend is up for review. We highlighted the dividend worries too many times leading up to its earnings. Management told us over and over that the dividend was a priority. That didn’t mean it was safe and we noted that several times. We pointed to the stressed look of its operating cash flow and free-cash flow as well. And as much as it sounds like some solid back-patting going on, that’s not the case. Trust me, I’ve blown plenty of trades down the line. But the dividend issue should be no surprise to investors because it was so disappointingly apparent. General Electric has an investor meeting on Nov. 13, where we should get an update on its business and what’s going on with the dividend. Should GE maintain its dividend, we’re looking at a near-5% yield. That’s unlikely and several analysts have suggested a roughly 25% to 40% reduction. JPMorgan analyst Stephen Tusa has been very consistent in staying ahead of the GE stock decline. He cut his price target ahead of earnings to $20 and again after, now down to $17. Tusa lowered his target on the assumption of lower Power profits and “higher accounting-change headwinds.” The latter seems likely given the complicated web GE has woven. Tusa cut his 2018 earnings per share estimates to $1.05 from $1.15, a nickel below consensus. His 2018 midpoint ($1.10) comes within the current guidance range for fiscal 2017. In fiscal 2019, Tusa is looking for earnings of $1.15 to $1.25. So basically, little to no growth from 2017 to 2018 and slight growth from 2018 to 2019. Now trading at 17.3 times forward earnings and 24 times its trailing earnings, GE stock isn’t exactly cheap. Because estimates keep coming down and its current results are missing the mark, GE stock is remaining expensive. 17 times forward earnings for a stock with no earnings growth over the next 15 months and a dividend that might be on the chopping block? Ouch. It just makes names like Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON), Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) and United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) look even better. Click to Enlarge Next Page  Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/could-ge-stock-plunge-bottom-17/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/06/reading-the-tea-leaves-for-general-electric-company-ge-3/

Recent price movements in the stock of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) have caught the attention of the investment community. At the end of the day, it’s only a stock’s performance that matters. With this in mind, it’s worth taking a look at the chart to get a sense of where it might be headed in the future. How has the stock performed recently? General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) in the last month has decreased -17.43%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and underperformed a peer group of similar companies by -450%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $20.14, GE sits below its 52-week high. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) has been trading in a bearish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that GE may be headed in the future. In order to predict this, technical analysts look at momentum indicators, which measure the speed and magnitude of these price movements. The idea is that as momentum slows, it may signal the approach of key support or resistance levels and a reversal of recent trends. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for GE is 26.50%, which suggests that the stock may be primed for a trend reversal or a breakout to the upside. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 6.30%, tells a similar story, and suggests that GE currently trades in oversold territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? Price isn’t the only tool analysts use to forecast future performance. Volume patterns can also reveal some important insights. If, for instance, a stock’s volumes suddenly increase by a significant amount, it’s usually a sign that the level of conviction behind the trade is high. Investors may feel very strongly about the future direction of the stock in question. General Electric Company (GE) average trading volume of 93,376,164 during the past month is 125.23% above its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been more active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? GE is currently undervalued by -21.73% relative to the average 1-year price target of $25.73 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 2.40, which implies that analysts are generally neutral in their outlook for GE over the next year. How risky is the stock?  When analyzing a stock’s price performance, it’s essential to take risk into account. Beta, which measures a stock’s volatility relative to the overall market, can be used to gauge the level of systematic risk associated with a particular stock. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) has a beta of 1.12, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are more extreme than the market as a whole. GE therefore has a above average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, GE average daily volatility was 30.26%, which is -8.01 percentage points higher than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://www.nystocknews.com/2017/11/06/what-the-insider-data-suggests-about-general-electric-company-ge-2/

The price of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) over the past year has decreased -28.78% while the S&P 500 has increased 23.79%. During the past 20 days, GE has decreased -17.43% while the broad market has increased 1.60%. GE ‘s 20-day moving average currently sits above its 100-day moving average. This is a bullish signal that suggests the stock price might continue to rise. GE’s average trading volume during the past 20 days is lower than the average volume over the past 100 days, which could be an indication that investors are feeling less certain than usual about the direction of GE’s future price movements. Recent trading patterns in the stock of General Electric Company (GE) have investors on high alert. Many experts agree that the best way to predict future performance is by studying the past. In the cast of GE, these trading patterns could have some important implications for future performance. In the most recent quarter, institutional ownership increased by a net of 2.81 million shares, or 0.06%.This is a bullish sign and indicates that institutions are feeling more optimistic about the outlook for GE overall.836 holders increased their positions, 1,180 decreased their positions, and 163 holders held their positions. Among institutions that increased their positions, 83 were new positions. Among holders that decreased their positions, 118 sold out of the stock General Electric Company. Insider ownership during the latest quarter increased by a net of 125293 shares, indicating that GE’s key executives are feeling more bullish about the stock than they did three months ago. 2 or 14.29% of the trades during the past quarter were buys, and 12 or 85.71% were sells. Insider ownership during the last year has decreased by a net of 347959 shares. 32.56% of insider trades in the last 12 months were buys, and 67.44% were sells. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) has a 20-day RSI of 26.50%. According to this momentum indicator, a reading below 30 suggests the stock is becoming oversold and that the recent downtrend may be about to reverse. The MACD tells a different story. GE’s 9-day MACD currently sits above the 20-day MACD, indicating that GE’s downside momentum has increased during the last three weeks. This suggests that the trend will likely continue. GE’s average trading volatility during the past few weeks is 32.85% higher than the average volatility over the past 100 days. This means that the stock’s daily price swings have been more extreme in recent times compared to the past. Analysts expect General Electric Company (GE) to generate earnings per share of $1.06 in 2017. This works out to a decrease of -28.86% compared to last year’s earnings. For comparison’s sake, analysts expect the S&P 500 to grow earnings by an average of 12% in 2017. The average investment rating for GE on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong sell and 5 being a strong buy) is a 3.23 or a Hold. Three months ago, analysts assigned GE a 3.45 rating, which implies that analysts have become more pessimistic about the outlook for the stock over the next year. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
   

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/06/alpha-cubed-investments-llc-has-12-71-million-holdings-in-general-electric-company-ge.html


					Posted by Sebastian Weber on Nov 6th, 2017 // No Comments  Alpha Cubed Investments LLC raised its position in shares of  General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) by 8.5% in the second quarter, according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 470,552 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after acquiring an additional 36,876 shares during the period. General Electric makes up   2.2% of Alpha Cubed Investments LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 20th biggest position. Alpha Cubed Investments LLC’s holdings in General Electric were worth $12,710,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.  Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Texas Capital Bancshares Inc. TX boosted its holdings in  General Electric by 94.0% in the second quarter. Texas Capital Bancshares Inc. TX now owns 19,501 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $527,000 after purchasing an additional 9,450 shares during the last quarter.  Taylor Cottrill Erickson & Associates Inc. raised its stake in  General Electric by 2.0% during the second quarter. Taylor Cottrill Erickson & Associates Inc. now owns 211,085 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $5,701,000 after buying an additional 4,167 shares in the last quarter.  Harbour Capital Advisors LLC raised its stake in  General Electric by 2,180.1% during the second quarter. Harbour Capital Advisors LLC now owns 292,599 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $10,833,000 after buying an additional 279,766 shares in the last quarter.  IBM Retirement Fund raised its stake in  General Electric by 70.4% during the second quarter. IBM Retirement Fund now owns 212,832 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $6,424,000 after buying an additional 87,932 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. raised its stake in  General Electric by 4.4% during the second quarter. Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. now owns 245,444 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $6,629,000 after buying an additional 10,409 shares in the last quarter. 54.38% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.  General Electric Company (GE) remained flat at $$20.15 during trading on Monday. 24,068,955 shares of the stock were exchanged, compared to its average volume of 93,376,312. General Electric Company has a 52 week low of $19.63 and a 52 week high of $32.38. The stock has a market capitalization of $174,655.78, a P/E ratio of 16.24, a PEG ratio of 2.11 and a beta of 1.11. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.14, a quick ratio of 1.53 and a current ratio of 1.86.  General Electric (NYSE:GE) last announced its earnings results on Friday, October 20th. The conglomerate reported $0.29 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by ($0.20). The business had revenue of $33.47 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $32.51 billion. General Electric had a return on equity of 13.72% and a net margin of 6.08%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.32 EPS.  research analysts predict that  General Electric Company will post 1.06 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, October 25th. Stockholders of record on Monday, September 18th were paid a dividend of $0.24 per share. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.77%. The ex-dividend date  was Friday, September 15th. General Electric’s payout ratio is currently 120.00%.  In related news, Vice Chairman Elizabeth J. Comstock sold 24,693 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, August 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.65, for a total transaction of $633,375.45. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 175,717 shares in the company, valued at $4,507,141.05. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director James S. Tisch acquired 100,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, August 22nd. The stock was bought at an average cost of $24.56 per share, for a total transaction of $2,456,000.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.36% of the stock is owned by company insiders.  WARNING: This piece of content was first  posted by The Ledger Gazette and is owned by of The Ledger Gazette. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/06/alpha-cubed-investments-llc-has-12-71-million-holdings-in-general-electric-company-ge.html.  A number of analysts have recently weighed in on GE shares. Vetr upgraded General Electric from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $30.48 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, July 10th. Citigroup Inc.  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $34.00 target price (down from $36.00) on shares of General Electric in a research report on Monday, July 10th. Morgan Stanley  restated an “equal weight” rating and issued a $27.00 target price on shares of General Electric in a research report on Monday, July 17th. Cowen and Company  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $27.00 target price on shares of General Electric in a research report on Monday, July 17th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $33.00 price target on shares of General Electric in a research note on Saturday, July 22nd. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, nine have issued  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $25.84. General Electric Company Profile    Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

