https://qz.com/1113031/alphabet-goog-beat-on-q3-earnings-because-its-whole-business-is-still-google-googl/

Time is a flat circle. Alphabet announced its third-quarter earnings today (Oct. 26), and yet again, it brought in a ton of cash, almost entirely from Google’s advertising business. The company generated $27.8 billion in revenue, up 24% from the same quarter last year, making this Alphabet’s highest-revenue quarter ever. (The previous record was $26.06 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016.) Roughly $24.1 billion of that revenue, or about 87%, came from Google’s ad sales. Alphabet reported $7.8 billion in profit for the quarter, up about 35% from the same period a year earlier. Most of the remainder of Alphabet’s revenue, about $3.4 billion, came from other revenue streams at Google, including hardware sales, cloud services, and sales of subscription services like YouTube TV and Google Play music, chief financial officer Ruth Porat said on the company’s earnings call. Just $302 million (around 1% of Alphabet’s revenue) came from sales from every other Alphabet company, lumped into the “Other Bets” bucket of its earnings. Analysts surveyed ahead of earnings had expected Alphabet to only bring in around $22 billion in revenue. The large beat saw the company’s Class A shares rising over $40 (about 4%) in after-hours trading. It remains to be seen whether investors will tire of Alphabet relying on the same old revenue sources. The company has been massively successful selling ads against search results on its own sites and apps, and selling ads on other companies’ websites. While those businesses show no signs of slowing, Alphabet has also invested billions into researching and developing a series of ambitious “moonshot” projects. It’s unclear whether those so-called Other Bets will ever be as important to Alphabet’s bottom line as its search engine has been. Those moonshots include self-driving cars at Waymo, internet-beaming balloons and delivery drones in the X research lab, defeating death at Calico, and myriad other companies. They have largely been money pits for Alphabet since the company spun them out from its core Google business in 2015. The only real revenue that’s come out of Other Bets to date has been hardware sales from Nest, Alphabet’s internet-of-things device company, and Fiber, its fiber-optic internet service. 

https://searchengineland.com/alphabet-goog-third-quarter-beats-estimates-27-8-billion-revenues-24-285675

Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google parent Alphabet announced third-quarter results. Both revenues and earnings per share beat Wall Street estimates. The company reported roughly $27.8 billion in total revenues (up 24 percent), with Google contributing all but $302 million of that amount. Earnings per share were $9.57, which was about $1.24 higher than expected. Advertising generated just over $24 billion in quarterly revenue. Operating income was about $7.8 billion. However, traffic acquisition costs (TAC) rose to $3.1 billion (vs. $2.6 billion a year ago). There are sure to be analyst questions about that item. The revenue breakdown by segment: Paid clicks on Google properties were up 6 percent year over year and aggregate cost per click (CPC) was up 1 percent. Here’s more detail: Paid click growth was significant. However, CPCs were down (18 percent) from a year ago but up slightly (1 percent) from last quarter. Alphabet (GOOG) shares are up in after-hours trading. The company says it now has more than 78,000 employees, compared with just under 70,000 a year ago. The earnings call webcast is happening now. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. March 13-15, 2018: SMX West June 11-13, 2018: SMX Advanced Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: April 23-25, 2018: San Jose 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/alphabet-inc-goog-googl-has-broken-out-to-a-new-high-on-q3-results-20171027-00704

 (RTTNews.com) - Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) reported third quarter EPS of $9.57 after the close Thursday, up from $7.25 a year ago. The consensus estimate was for EPS of $8.33. Alphabet has gapped open sharply higher Friday morning and is now up 43.55 at $1034.97. The stock has broken out past resistance and has set a new high for the year. For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com 

https://stocknewsjournal.com/2017/10/25/drilling-down-into-alphabet-inc-goog-4/

Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $970.54, up from yesterday’s close by 0.22%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis This company has been competing with others in the Technology space and offers its own combination of interesting factors Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) currently trades with a market capitalization of $660.86 Billion. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For GOOG, the company currently has $15.61 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $25.21 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $8.33 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 34.16% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis It’s important to check the technicals to get a sense of how GOOG has been acting. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Alphabet Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $997.21. It is now trading 26.67% off that level. The stock is trading $944.26 its 50-day moving average by -26.28%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $727.54. In recent action, Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has made a move of +4.94% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.89, and it’s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.56% with $600.57 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of GOOG. 

https://qz.com/1118593/after-russias-election-meddling-facebook-fb-google-goog-and-twitter-twtr-are-pushed-to-be-more-american/

This week, US Congress members accused Facebook, Twitter, and Google of being everything from hapless to stupid in a series of public hearings in Washington D.C. But Tom Cotton, the Republican senator from Arkansas, took things a step further, and called them traitors. Cotton lit into Twitter attorney Sean Edgett about the company’s refusal last year to let US intelligence agencies use a data-mining tool (paywall), at the same time it was marketing the same tool to Russian state media outlet Russia Today. “In essence, last year Russia was beginning its covert influence campaign against the United States, and Twitter was on the side of Russia,” Cotton said (video). “How can your company justify this pattern of behavior to your fellow citizens?” Cotton asked. “How can your company justify this pattern of behavior to your fellow citizens?”  “Most American citizens would expect American companies to be willing to put the interests of our country above, not on par with, our adversaries, countries like Russia and China,” he concluded, witheringly. Cotton’s inquiry highlights a new dilemma for the Silicon Valley companies already struggling to figure out how exactly they were weaponized by the Russian government to influence the last US election. Do they also need to start putting American interests first? After the Charlottesville, Virginia protest in which a female counter-protestor was killed by a neo-Nazi, Silicon Valley platforms shrugged off their previous claims of cultural neutrality, and started banning white supremacists. In the wake of Russia’s meddling, the time has come, Senator Cotton and others in Congress said this week, for them to shrug off their geographical neutrality, and act more like American companies. “If two Americans have a disagreement, let’s have at it,” said James Lankford, the Republican Senator from Oklahoma, about the Russian users who posted paid political ads, in an attempt to divide Americans. But “if an outsider wants to come to it, we do have a problem with that,” he said. Lankford’s suggestion that these companies should limit how users can interact by nationality and Cotton’s that they should favor the US government over others is anathema for Silicon Valley’s tech giants. More than other globalized industries, these companies consider themselves above nation states, part of a borderless virtual ecosystem serving users who embrace globalization no matter where they reside. (The idea is not exclusive to tech, of course.) “We’re not offering our service for surveillance to any government,” Edgett responded to Cotton during the Senate hearing. Facebook’s mantra is to make the world more “open and connected,” and this January it said it also wants to bring it “closer together.” Its customers are increasingly outside the US—this past July, Facebook’s users in India topped the US for the first time, at 241 million. US users are 21% of Twitter’s total, 12% of Facebook’s, and the US contributes less than half of Google parent Alphabet’s revenue (pdf, pg 8). On a more pragmatic level, these companies have also blithely moved assets overseas to avoid paying US taxes, making them major contributors to the $2 trillion cash pile American companies have abroad.  “Making money overseas does not absolve them of basic civic obligation.” None of that excuses their obligation to put US interests first, Cotton’s office says. “Silicon Valley companies like Twitter are unquestionably American,” Cotton’s spokeswoman Caroline Tabler told Quartz. “They are founded and headquartered in the United States, listed on the United States stock exchange, and primarily subject to United States courts—what else could they be?” As such, she said, they enjoy the “full blessings of American democracy,” and “should be expected to support that democracy and help keep it safe. Making money overseas does not absolve them of that basic civic obligation.” Tech is in a tough spot, says Rebecca MacKinnon, the director of the Ranking Digital Rights project at New America, which is trying to set global standards for these companies. It is one they created themselves, she said. “If you’re trying to be a global company, saying we’re going to treat Americans different from the way we treat everyone else who uses our platform, that’s not very good for business,” she said. Silicon Valley firms already deal differently with requests from oppressive foreign governments and the US government, and how they deal with also varies from company to company. Google famously pulled its search engine out of China in 2010 because of censorship, while Twitter blocked a Turkish journalist’s tweets from being seen in his home country. They all comply with local laws where they have offices, but sometimes quietly choose not to have a physical presence in a country that has particularly oppressive laws. They publish annual transparency reports  about the requests they receive from governments to delete or block information and whether they comply. These companies believed they were “God’s gift to democracy.”  For all that, they still haven’t come to terms with the fact that Russia apparently exploited their platforms in an attempt to undermine one of the US’s most valuable traditions, a free and fair election. “They drank their own KoolAid,” said MacKinnon. These companies believed they were “God’s gift to democracy and it didn’t occur to them it could be possible that they could be anything else.” Ultimately, she said, they fell victim to a “naiveté combined with greed.” It’s an industry-wide problem. After surveying hundreds of tech executives, Brookings Institution researcher Greg Ferenstein concluded in 2015 that they are “extreme globalists,” and that Silicon Valley founders were achingly idealistic: Their political and moral beliefs are based on a rather extreme idealism about human nature, society, and the future. They tend to believe all change over the long run ends up being good. Likewise, they reject the notion that there are inherent conflicts of interests between citizens, the government, corporations, or other nations. That idealism flies in the face of thousands of years of human history. Google and Facebook have turned this borderless utopian vision into cash-generating powerhouses. They both make the vast majority of their money from advertising that’s goosed by easy-to-use automated systems that let nearly anyone, anywhere, target potential customers anywhere else. They believe “you can maximize ad dollars and save the world at the same time,” MacKinnon said. “That’s the creed and religion of Silicon Valley,” she said. It’s just not true. In the wake of Russian meddling, Silicon Valley has introduced an escalating series of rules designed to limit who can take out political advertisements, and let users better understand who is paying for ads. “We’re investing so much in security that it will impact our profitability,” Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg told Wall Street on Nov. 1.  Nice talk. As the general counsels of Facebook, Google, and Twitter were getting pasted in Congress, Zuckerberg—who at age 33 is worth $74 billion—was on the other side of the world attending a speech by China’s authoritarian dictator Xi Jinping, whose government has a long history of hostile actions against the US. Afterward, Zuckerberg praised the “pace of innovation and entrepreneurship in China” on his own Facebook account, an update particularly notable because Facebook is blocked there. Xi has struggled to maintain the country’s fast growth amid crippling debt. The Communist Party he runs has cracked down on free speech, jailed his political opponents and innocent citizens. It has also directly attacked America, by hacking US companies and government agencies, using Facebook to spread propaganda beyond its borders, and YouTube to spread videos that denigrate US democracy. But China’s over 700 million internet users, and companies that want to advertise to them, are too attractive for Facebook to ignore. Last month, Facebook blocked a Chinese dissident from using his account. On Nov. 2, Facebook Business, a newsletter it sends out to business accounts, urged companies to get ready for the next big online event—the World Cup, which is being hosted by Russia. “With more than 3 billion interactions, 2014’s tournament is the largest event on Facebook to date, and we expect 2018 to be even bigger,” the newsletter said. There was no mention of Russian hacking of the US election. 

https://qz.com/1118593/after-russias-election-meddling-facebook-fb-google-goog-and-twitter-twtr-are-pushed-to-be-more-american/

This week, US Congress members accused Facebook, Twitter, and Google of being everything from hapless to stupid in a series of public hearings in Washington D.C. But Tom Cotton, the Republican senator from Arkansas, took things a step further, and called them traitors. Cotton lit into Twitter attorney Sean Edgett about the company’s refusal last year to let US intelligence agencies use a data-mining tool (paywall), at the same time it was marketing the same tool to Russian state media outlet Russia Today. “In essence, last year Russia was beginning its covert influence campaign against the United States, and Twitter was on the side of Russia,” Cotton said (video). “How can your company justify this pattern of behavior to your fellow citizens?” Cotton asked. “How can your company justify this pattern of behavior to your fellow citizens?”  “Most American citizens would expect American companies to be willing to put the interests of our country above, not on par with, our adversaries, countries like Russia and China,” he concluded, witheringly. Cotton’s inquiry highlights a new dilemma for the Silicon Valley companies already struggling to figure out how exactly they were weaponized by the Russian government to influence the last US election. Do they also need to start putting American interests first? After the Charlottesville, Virginia protest in which a female counter-protestor was killed by a neo-Nazi, Silicon Valley platforms shrugged off their previous claims of cultural neutrality, and started banning white supremacists. In the wake of Russia’s meddling, the time has come, Senator Cotton and others in Congress said this week, for them to shrug off their geographical neutrality, and act more like American companies. “If two Americans have a disagreement, let’s have at it,” said James Lankford, the Republican Senator from Oklahoma, about the Russian users who posted paid political ads, in an attempt to divide Americans. But “if an outsider wants to come to it, we do have a problem with that,” he said. Lankford’s suggestion that these companies should limit how users can interact by nationality and Cotton’s that they should favor the US government over others is anathema for Silicon Valley’s tech giants. More than other globalized industries, these companies consider themselves above nation states, part of a borderless virtual ecosystem serving users who embrace globalization no matter where they reside. (The idea is not exclusive to tech, of course.) “We’re not offering our service for surveillance to any government,” Edgett responded to Cotton during the Senate hearing. Facebook’s mantra is to make the world more “open and connected,” and this January it said it also wants to bring it “closer together.” Its customers are increasingly outside the US—this past July, Facebook’s users in India topped the US for the first time, at 241 million. US users are 21% of Twitter’s total, 12% of Facebook’s, and the US contributes less than half of Google parent Alphabet’s revenue (pdf, pg 8). On a more pragmatic level, these companies have also blithely moved assets overseas to avoid paying US taxes, making them major contributors to the $2 trillion cash pile American companies have abroad.  “Making money overseas does not absolve them of basic civic obligation.” None of that excuses their obligation to put US interests first, Cotton’s office says. “Silicon Valley companies like Twitter are unquestionably American,” Cotton’s spokeswoman Caroline Tabler told Quartz. “They are founded and headquartered in the United States, listed on the United States stock exchange, and primarily subject to United States courts—what else could they be?” As such, she said, they enjoy the “full blessings of American democracy,” and “should be expected to support that democracy and help keep it safe. Making money overseas does not absolve them of that basic civic obligation.” Tech is in a tough spot, says Rebecca MacKinnon, the director of the Ranking Digital Rights project at New America, which is trying to set global standards for these companies. It is one they created themselves, she said. “If you’re trying to be a global company, saying we’re going to treat Americans different from the way we treat everyone else who uses our platform, that’s not very good for business,” she said. Silicon Valley firms already deal differently with requests from oppressive foreign governments and the US government, and how they deal with also varies from company to company. Google famously pulled its search engine out of China in 2010 because of censorship, while Twitter blocked a Turkish journalist’s tweets from being seen in his home country. They all comply with local laws where they have offices, but sometimes quietly choose not to have a physical presence in a country that has particularly oppressive laws. They publish annual transparency reports  about the requests they receive from governments to delete or block information and whether they comply. These companies believed they were “God’s gift to democracy.”  For all that, they still haven’t come to terms with the fact that Russia apparently exploited their platforms in an attempt to undermine one of the US’s most valuable traditions, a free and fair election. “They drank their own KoolAid,” said MacKinnon. These companies believed they were “God’s gift to democracy and it didn’t occur to them it could be possible that they could be anything else.” Ultimately, she said, they fell victim to a “naiveté combined with greed.” It’s an industry-wide problem. After surveying hundreds of tech executives, Brookings Institution researcher Greg Ferenstein concluded in 2015 that they are “extreme globalists,” and that Silicon Valley founders were achingly idealistic: Their political and moral beliefs are based on a rather extreme idealism about human nature, society, and the future. They tend to believe all change over the long run ends up being good. Likewise, they reject the notion that there are inherent conflicts of interests between citizens, the government, corporations, or other nations. That idealism flies in the face of thousands of years of human history. Google and Facebook have turned this borderless utopian vision into cash-generating powerhouses. They both make the vast majority of their money from advertising that’s goosed by easy-to-use automated systems that let nearly anyone, anywhere, target potential customers anywhere else. They believe “you can maximize ad dollars and save the world at the same time,” MacKinnon said. “That’s the creed and religion of Silicon Valley,” she said. It’s just not true. In the wake of Russian meddling, Silicon Valley has introduced an escalating series of rules designed to limit who can take out political advertisements, and let users better understand who is paying for ads. “We’re investing so much in security that it will impact our profitability,” Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg told Wall Street on Nov. 1.  Nice talk. As the general counsels of Facebook, Google, and Twitter were getting pasted in Congress, Zuckerberg—who at age 33 is worth $74 billion—was on the other side of the world attending a speech by China’s authoritarian dictator Xi Jinping, whose government has a long history of hostile actions against the US. Afterward, Zuckerberg praised the “pace of innovation and entrepreneurship in China” on his own Facebook account, an update particularly notable because Facebook is blocked there. Xi has struggled to maintain the country’s fast growth amid crippling debt. The Communist Party he runs has cracked down on free speech, jailed his political opponents and innocent citizens. It has also directly attacked America, by hacking US companies and government agencies, using Facebook to spread propaganda beyond its borders, and YouTube to spread videos that denigrate US democracy. But China’s over 700 million internet users, and companies that want to advertise to them, are too attractive for Facebook to ignore. Last month, Facebook blocked a Chinese dissident from using his account. On Nov. 2, Facebook Business, a newsletter it sends out to business accounts, urged companies to get ready for the next big online event—the World Cup, which is being hosted by Russia. “With more than 3 billion interactions, 2014’s tournament is the largest event on Facebook to date, and we expect 2018 to be even bigger,” the newsletter said. There was no mention of Russian hacking of the US election. 

https://www.allstocknews.com/2017/11/06/check-out-the-odds-on-bioverativ-inc-bivv-alphabet-inc-goog/

Bioverativ Inc. (NASDAQ:BIVV) shares were trading higher by 0.67 percent ($0.36) at $54.01 a piece in Saturday’s session. It had closed the previous session at $53.65. BIVV trades with a P/S ratio of 5.8. This is lower than the industry’s 83.29 but higher compared with the wider sector’s 5.16. A low price-to-sales ratio, typically less than 1.0, is considered a good value. Also, it has an estimated price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 16.81 and a trailing 12-month price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 12.82. Shares of BIVV have downtrended -10.99% in the past three months, while the S&P 500 has moved -12.01% in that time. Bioverativ Inc. (BIVV) has a market cap of $5.99 billion and over the last 12 months, Bioverativ Inc. (NASDAQ:BIVV) has gone weaker by 0%. During the last 52 weeks, the (NASDAQ:BIVV) price has been as high as $64.41 and as low as $40. Bioverativ Inc. earnings have declined with an annualized rate of 0% over the last 5 years.  The average 1-year price target for Bioverativ Inc. (BIVV) — averaging the work of different analysts — reveals a mean PT of $63.92/share. That’s a potential 18.35 increase relative to where Bioverativ Inc. (NASDAQ:BIVV) has been trading recently. The current price is seen ranging between $53.2 and $54.49. There are brokerage firms with lower targets than the average, including one setting a price target of $47. And then on the other side of the spectrum one analyst entrenched in the bullish camp has a target as high as $80.  Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) pulled off a 0.67 percent gain and now trades for $1032.48. GOOG comes in with a P/S ratio of 7.08 that’s greater than 1, potentially implying that it could be expensive relative to the overall sector (2.91) and its peers (8.56). Also, it has an estimated price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 25.75 and a trailing 12-month price-earnings (P/E) multiple of 37.42. During the last 52 weeks, the price has been as high as $1048.39 and as low as $727.54. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) earnings have declined with a quarterly rate of 0% over the last 5 years. Shares of GOOG have increased 11.1% in the past three monthswhile the S&P 500 has gained 6.25% in that time.  Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) has a market cap of $703.03 billion and over the last 12 months, GOOG has risen by 35.47%. The average 1-year price target for (GOOG) reveals an average price target of $1175.65 per share. That’s a potential 13.87 gain from where (NASDAQ:GOOG) has been trading recently. There are brokerage firms with lower targets than the average, including one setting a price target of $990. And then on the other side of the spectrum one analyst entrenched in the bullish camp has a target as high as $1350.  The consensus recommendation — averaging the work of 43 analysts — of 1.6 for Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) points to bullish case. Of the analysts surveyed by Reuters that track Alphabet Inc. 5 of them rate its stock a hold. The other 38 are split, though not evenly, between analysts who think you should buy its stock versus those who think you should sell it. A 38 analysts rate it as either a buy or a strong buy, while 0 believe that investors should either steer clear of (NASDAQ:GOOG) or, if they already own its stock, sell it. 

https://www.dispatchtribunal.com/2017/11/06/1960325-shares-in-bioverativ-inc-bivv-purchased-by-woodford-investment-management-ltd.html


					Posted by Xavier Holt on Nov 6th, 2017 // No Comments  Woodford Investment Management Ltd bought a new stake in  Bioverativ Inc (NASDAQ:BIVV) during the third quarter, according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  bought 1,960,325 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock, valued at approximately $85,455,000. Bioverativ comprises about  5.2% of Woodford Investment Management Ltd’s portfolio, making the stock its 6th biggest position. Woodford Investment Management Ltd owned 1.81% of Bioverativ as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).  A number of other institutional investors and hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BIVV. TCI Wealth Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Bioverativ during the third quarter valued at about $186,000.  Canada Pension Plan Investment Board purchased a new stake in shares of  Bioverativ during the third quarter worth about $194,000.  Essex Investment Management Co. LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  Bioverativ during the third quarter worth about $238,000.  Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA purchased a new stake in  Bioverativ in the third quarter worth about $242,000.  Finally, Traynor Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in  Bioverativ in the third quarter worth about $244,000. 93.07% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  Bioverativ Inc (NASDAQ:BIVV) traded down $0.11 during trading on Monday, reaching $53.90. 205,164 shares of the company’s stock traded hands, compared to its average volume of 1,123,070. Bioverativ Inc has a 12 month low of $40.00 and a 12 month high of $64.41.  Bioverativ (NASDAQ:BIVV) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 26th. The biotechnology company reported $0.80 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.55 by $0.25. Bioverativ had a net margin of 40.44% and a return on equity of 69.03%. The company had revenue of $291.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $285.45 million. Bioverativ’s revenue for the quarter was up 27.2% on a year-over-year basis.  equities research analysts anticipate that  Bioverativ Inc will post 2.45 earnings per share for the current year.  A number of brokerages have weighed in on BIVV. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Bioverativ from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 1st. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $70.00 target price (up previously from $67.00) on shares of Bioverativ in a research report on Wednesday, August 9th. Argus upgraded shares of Bioverativ from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $64.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, September 20th. Cowen and Company  reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 price target on shares of Bioverativ in a research note on Friday, August 4th. Finally, Evercore ISI initiated coverage on shares of Bioverativ in a research note on Wednesday, August 16th. They set an “in-line” rating and a $58.00 price target on the stock. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $61.73. In other Bioverativ news, Director Brian S. Posner purchased 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, August 9th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $59.19 per share, with a total value of $59,190.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 6,693 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $396,158.67. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website.  About Bioverativ Bioverativ Inc (Bioverativ) is a biotechnology company. The Company is focused on the discovery, research, development and commercialization of therapies for the treatment of hemophilia and other blood disorders. It markets approximately two products, including ELOCTATE [Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein], and ALPROLIX [Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant), Fc Fusion Protein], extended half-life clotting-factor therapies for the treatment of hemophilia A and hemophilia B, respectively. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BIVV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bioverativ Inc (NASDAQ:BIVV).   Receive News & Ratings for Bioverativ Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bioverativ Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in. Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year. Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future. But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify. It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads. Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters: What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to. 

https://qz.com/1110710/stop-kidding-yourselves-the-only-thing-that-matters-about-alphabet-is-googles-ad-business/

On Oct. 26, Alphabet will announce its third-quarter earnings. And for all the excitement around self-driving cars, internet-emitting balloons, curing death, and even some new telephones, the only thing that will really matter to Wall Street and investors is just how much money Google’s advertising business is bringing in. Analysts collected by FactSet expect Alphabet’s quarterly revenue to come in at $21.9 billion, which would be a drop of about 2% from the $22 billion the company posted in the same quarter last year. Last quarter was the company’s second-best ever, generating $26 billion in revenue (up more than 20% from the same period in 2016), with roughly 87% of that coming from advertising sales on its own sites, mobile apps, and other sites. Advertising is the biggest driver of revenue (and profit) for Alphabet, and that does not look likely to change in the foreseeable future. But Alphabet is obviously concerning itself with the road ahead. In the short term, the company is testing out revenue stream-diversifying products that include YouTube TV, the paid cable-like subscription service; YouTube Red, an original-content video service; and Google Play Music, Google’s answer to Spotify. It’s also doubling down on hardware: The company recently agreed to purchase part of the phone manufacturer HTC’s hardware division, and released a litany of new products, including the Google Pixel 2 phone and new variations of its Home smart speakers. But there’s little indication that these efforts will amount to much more than keeping customers using Google services at all times, and therefore opening them up to seeing more Google ads. Even longer term, Alphabet has its “Other Bets” bucket of companies, including Waymo, Verily, Jigsaw, and Calico, each researching an idea that could potentially change the world. But all of these “moonshots” don’t come cheap. To date, the majority of revenue brought in by Other Bets came from companies Alphabet acquired, such internet-of-things company Nest; or other services, like Fiber, that were previously Google projects. Self-driving cars or life-saving products may one day be a boon for Alphabet’s bottom line, but their research continues to be costly. Last quarter, the moonshots lost $772 million, and the segment has lost at least $0.5 billion every quarter for the last 11 quarters: What continues to matter to Alphabet’s bottom line, then, is where its advertising dollars are coming from. Look to see whether there is continued growth in Google and YouTube’s ad revenue (which Google calls “paid clicks”), and whether the cost of getting those clicks has continued to rise. As long as Google can keep raking in the ad dollars, the rest of Alphabet will have the funds to change the world, or burn through billions of dollars trying to. 

