https://blogs.wsj.com/moneybeat/2017/11/16/moodys-cuts-ges-credit-rating-by-one-notch/

restructuring plans failed to impress investors. Now the credit-rating firms are weighing in. Moody’s Investors Service on Thursday cut GE’s long-term credit rating, the first action by a major bond-rating firm since the industrial conglomerate this week sketched out its plans to revamp operations and cut its dividend by half. Moody’s trimmed its view on […] 

https://www.economist.com/news/business/21731412-newish-bosss-plan-focused-slashing-costs-sharpening-culture-and-shrinking

The newish boss’s plan is focused on slashing costs, sharpening culture and shrinking to the core “NUMBER one, cash is king…number two, communicate…number three, buy or bury the competition.” These rules were laid out by Jack Welch, a brash but brilliant former boss of General Electric (GE). The American industrial conglomerate, founded by Thomas Edison, has operations ranging from health care and aviation to lighting and energy. During Mr Welch’s tenure, from 1981 to 2001, his company’s market value rose from about $15bn to over $400bn. Today, it barely tops $150bn. Having fallen by more than two-fifths this year, GE is the worst-performing stock in the Dow Jones Industrial Average, a composite index that has risen by nearly a fifth since January 1st. Jeffrey Immelt, Mr Welch’s amiable successor, violated all three rules. To be fair, he did steer GE through a sharp downturn in aviation following the September 11th 2001 terrorist attacks and unwound its risky financial arm after the global financial crisis. But on his watch GE’s core power business deteriorated to the point where the firm now cannot generate enough cash to pay its promised dividend (see charts). His reliance on multiple accounting standards and opaque long-term service contracts led financial analysts to complain about a lack of openness. Receive our Daily Dispatch and Editors' Picks newsletters. And rather than buying and burying the competition, Mr Immelt’s expensive and ill-timed acquisitions of big energy companies, which coincided with low oil and gas prices, instead nearly buried GE. The firm spent $10.1bn to acquire France’s Alstom, which sells power-generation kit, and $7.4bn to win control of America’s Baker Hughes, an oilfield-services group. Neither is performing as well as hoped. A new narrative This is the mess inherited by John Flannery, a hard-nosed GE veteran who took over from Mr Immelt in August. He immediately began to unravel the tale told by his predecessor about GE’s good health. On October 20th the firm announced abysmal third-quarter results, which saw profits in its power division decline by half from the same quarter a year earlier. Weak global markets, stiff competition and a challenge from renewables are part of the explanation, but Russell Stokes, the new head of the power division, accepts that GE should have run this business better. It is “clear from our current results that we need to make some major changes with urgency”, declared Mr Flannery. On November 13th, in front of scores of financial analysts and journalists gathered at the Wharton Forum in New York (the number-crunching boss holds an MBA from Wharton Business School), he unveiled his strategy to save GE. The plan has three main components: slash costs, sharpen the culture and shrink to the core. Take costs first. To his credit, Mr Flannery clearly understands that GE is bloated. Even before this week’s announcement, he had vowed to cut an additional $1bn in annual spending, on top of the $2bn annual cut Mr Immelt was forced to concede earlier this year. He also let it be known that he was grounding the firm’s fleet of jets. (It surfaced recently that Mr Immelt sometimes travelled with two jets, just in case one broke down.) This week Mr Flannery took the painful decision to cut GE’s dividend by half, which will save over $4bn. Only twice before in its 125-year history has the firm failed to pay its promised dividend. He will also save it money in coming years by borrowing $6bn at today’s low interest rates to prepay the next few years’ worth of pension obligations. That will help, but the pension fund he inherited is currently underfunded by a staggering $31bn. The second pillar of Mr Flannery’s strategy is to transform GE’s culture. The firm has been celebrated for its superior management and capital discipline. But insiders describe a company adrift under Mr Immelt, who often talked in lofty terms about GE’s future and invested a lot in innovation but did not always hold people accountable or insist on tough targets. “Jeff was a visionary but he did not dig into the numbers the way John does,” says a senior GE executive. Mr Flannery promises to be disciplined and data-driven in his decisions. “Capital allocation is a contact sport, and I expect vigorous debate,” he says. That is promising. So, too, is his vow this week to make GE’s books more transparent. “Complexity has hurt us,” he acknowledged. The firm has long used multiple non-standard measures for reporting its financial performance, juggling various business assumptions and costs. This has made it harder to understand its true financial picture. For example, it has in the past favoured “industrial cash flow from operating activities” (CFOA), an abstraction that Mr Flannery is ditching in favour of the widely used measure of free cash flow. GE’s industrial CFOA is $7bn; its equivalent free cash flow is only $3bn. The biggest cultural change will happen at the top. Mr Flannery plans to realign pay for top executives so that they are rewarded when the firm does better on free cash flow. He is also reforming the board of directors, an unwieldy collection of 18 grandees who failed to ask hard questions even as GE’s performance deteriorated. In October he put Ed Garden, chief investment officer of Trian Partners, an activist investment fund, on the board. This week he said the board would be cut to 12 members, and that three new directors with experience relevant to GE would soon replace oldies. Small is beautiful So far, so good. The problem arises with the third pillar of the strategy, which involves shrinking the firm. In October Mr Flannery promised to sell off assets worth $20bn over the next two years. This week he made it clear that the company’s operations in transport (which make locomotives) and industrial lighting are up for sale. In addition, he indicated that the firm was willing to sell its majority stake in Baker Hughes, a separately traded entity born of the merger of GE’s oil and gas division and the old Baker Hughes oilfield-services business. That sounds like a lot, but for a goliath like GE, which had total assets of $365bn last year, it is underwhelming, and investors are unimpressed. GE’s shares fell by 12% in the two days following the plan’s unveiling—though it probably didn’t help that on November 14th a class-action lawsuit was announced against GE and its officers for allegedly misleading investors about the firm’s weakening performance, especially in power. Analysts had been divided on the firm before this week, but now the bulls are deserting it in droves. One of them, Deane Dray of RBC Capital Markets, wrote that the plan “fell short of the sweeping reset of the business model/portfolio many had hoped for”. Joe Ritchie of Goldman Sachs, an investment bank, thinks GE should cut not $3bn in annual costs by 2020, but $4bn. He points out that the firm has spent $10bn in restructuring over the past five years, with little to show for it in improved margins. He thinks that GE still has many assets that are earning sub-standard margins, and which could be run more profitably by more focused outsiders. Scott Davis of Melius Research says it is not clear why a “bigger spin-off” was not part of the plan. He calculates that GE’s health-care and aerospace divisions alone are now worth close to today’s stockmarket value of the entire company. That suggests GE could release enormous trapped value through a more ambitious, but thoughtfully sequenced, series of spin-offs and divestments. The intensity of the criticism from analysts might seem unfair. Mr Flannery has, after all, only just begun to wrestle with the problems he has inherited. His instincts appear to be sound, and his principles of curbing costs, cultural clarity and cutting to the core are surely the right ones. He is being punished for his reluctance to wield the knife more aggressively. In the end, however, it is worth reflecting on another of Mr Welch’s musings: “Change before you have to.” Mr Immelt was a thoughtful man, but his failure to deal with emerging threats for years allowed them to come to a head. Mr Flannery is now changing GE because he must. Sensible though his plan is, he may come to regret that he did not make further-reaching changes before he had to. 

https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2017-11-14/ge-past-lingers-with-ceo-flannery-s-mixed-messages

Brooke Sutherland is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering deals and industrial companies. She previously wrote an M&A column for Bloomberg News.
 It&apos;s in with the new, but only kind-of-sort-of out with the old at GE. And that pitch just isn&apos;t working for CEO John Flannery. A day after presenting an underwhelming revival plan that&apos;s largely premised on a multi-year grind through cost cuts and tough earnings challenges, Flannery went on CNBC on Tuesday morning to take a second stab at the messaging around his efforts. I don&apos;t think he did much to help his cause; shares of General Electric Co. started dropping precipitously during the interview and were down about 7.3 percent as of 12:45 p.m. in New York. That&apos;s after a 7.2 percent slide yesterday. There are a number of things you could pick apart from the interview, but for now, we&apos;re going to focus on Flannery&apos;s commitment to keeping GE&apos;s lead board director, Jack Brennan, in his role. Brennan&apos;s status is apparently not up for debate -- "it&apos;s not a possibility" -- even as Flannery seeks to refresh and resize the board down to 12 directors from the current 18. Brennan has served on GE&apos;s board since 2012 and he&apos;s been lead director since 2014. He served on GE&apos;s governance committee, and chaired its management development and compensation committee. That means he was directly involved in overseeing -- and richly rewarding -- the top executives responsible for the dire straits in which GE now finds itself. The company&apos;s market value is now nearly $60 billion lower than the day Brennan was elected to the board, and yet, according to Flannery, he has a "tremendous track record." Brennan is also chairman emeritus of Vanguard Group Inc., where he served as CEO for over a decade. You don&apos;t get those jobs by being ineffectual, and he may have valuable insights as to how to get GE back on track. But that still doesn&apos;t excuse the absence of more decisive board action earlier on, before GE&apos;s problems got so big. If you are going to reset the direction of the company, it is jarring to keep the lead director that oversaw the old direction. The kind of dramatic evolution Flannery is attempting is an all-or-nothing game.  The net of this is that Flannery seems to be attempting to strike a balance between a top-to-bottom rethinking of GE&apos;s very identity and purpose, and a loyalty to the culture that fostered his career, the businesses he ran and the colleagues he&apos;s worked with for years. It&apos;s a weird dynamic. Flannery admitted on CNBC that the $10.6 billion purchase of Alstom SA&apos;s energy assets he oversaw "in total, has been a disappointment." And yet, he still believes the problems in GE&apos;s power business are fixable and it should remain within the conglomerate. He&apos;s attempting to simplify GE&apos;s reporting metrics, but what we got Monday are figures that are just as twisty and in some ways even more convoluted than before. Much of the old guard is out, from CEO Jeff Immelt to CFO Jeff Bornstein to power-division leader Steve Bolze. But among their replacements the biggest "outsider" is CFO Jamie Miller, and she&apos;s been with the company since 2008. Russell Stokes, who now runs power, has been with GE for 20 years. And Flannery himself is a 30-year veteran. Flannery appears to genuinely mean it when he talks about a full-scale rethinking of GE&apos;s culture, and many of his changes have been positive, including increasing the equity component of executives&apos; compensation. But the more legacies he holds on to, the longer he will be haunted by the ghosts of GE&apos;s past. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. 
 To contact the author of this story:      Brooke Sutherland in    New York at bsutherland7@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story:               Beth Williams at bewilliams@bloomberg.net 

http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-biz-ge-transportation-20171113-story.html

General Electric is looking to shed its Chicago-based transportation division within two years as part of a broader streamlining of the slumping industrial giant. The announcement, delivered by new CEO John Flannery at an investor conference Monday, would end the longtime ownership of one GE’s core assets. The transportation division has been a leader in building passenger and freight locomotives for more than a century. The transportation division, which also supplies the mining, marine and other industries, moved its headquarters from Erie, Pa., to Chicago in 2012 and has about 10,000 employees worldwide. Flannery, a 30-year company veteran who formerly ran GE Healthcare, said the road ahead for transportation was less promising than other businesses owned by GE. “We foresee a protracted slowdown,” Flannery said. “We think it’s going to be an extended slow period in North America.” Boston-based GE, which as of last year had about 2,000 employees in the Chicago area, is looking to part ways with $20 billion in assets and focus on better-performing segments on the heels of disappointing third-quarter earnings and a sharp decline in the company’s valuation this year. GE also is looking to divest  its lighting division, the idea that brought the company, founded 125 years ago by inventor Thomas Edison, to life. Flannery said the segments would be “monetized” to provide maximum return to shareholders. “We are exploring the options that we have with these assets,” Flannery said. “That may be a sale; that may be a spin.” Going forward, GE plans to focus on better-performing segments including aviation and health care to form a less-complex, and hopefully more profitable, conglomerate. Part of that process includes unloading some of its iconic divisions that no longer fit in its plans. “We’re not under duress to do this,” Flannery said. “This is about focus, this is about a simpler company — making it less complex — and we’re going to maximize the value of those assets over a couple of years.”  Flannery took the helm of GE Healthcare in 2014 and is credited with turning around the division, which provides medical technology systems. He said “many people wanted to sell it” before its fortunes improved under his leadership, and he reiterated that the business, which has a significant presence in Chicago, remains  an integral part of the company’s future. “There’s good global growth in health care and there’s a lot of opportunity … in our life science business,” Flannery said. Last year, Chicago missed out on a bid to lure GE’s corporate headquarters, which instead moved from Fairfield, Conn., to a new home in Boston. Chicago did get a consolation prize — the announced influx of 100 tech jobs for GE Transportation’s digital solutions business at its 500 W. Monroe St. headquarters. In February, GE Healthcare announced it was moving hundreds of technology jobs from northwest suburban Barrington to the same Chicago office, where 600 employees from both the transportation and health divisions work. GE is in the early stages of the divestment process and exploring a “multitude of possibilities” for the transportation business, according to a statement Monday. “The transportation business remains committed to building on its strong culture of innovation, deep domain, world-class technology and digital solutions in a way that best positions the business for growth,” GE Transportation said. The move to shed transportation and lighting would not be the first time GE has jettisoned a signature division in a bid to streamline its diverse portfolio. In 2011, GE sold a majority stake in NBCUniversal to cable giant Comcast, which bought the rest of the television network two years later. In addition to the planned divestitures, GE also announced Monday it was cutting its quarterly dividend in half, reducing it from 24 cents to 12 cents a share. GE shares dropped more than 7 percent Monday to close at $19.02. rchannick@chicagotribune.com Twitter @RobertChannick 

https://www.investopedia.com/news/ge-nosedive-continues-disappointing-bulls/

Shares of multinational industrial conglomerate General Electric Co. (GE) have slightly rebounded Wednesday after their two-day loss cut 12% out of the struggling company’s value. Trading up 1.2% at $18.14, GE reflects an approximate 34% decline year-to-date (YTD) versus the S&P 500’s 14.8% gain over the same period, with aerospace giant Boeing Co. (BA) eclipsing it in market capitalization for the first time ever. On Monday, the 125-year-old company’s new CEO, John Flannery, who took over from Jeffrey Immelt in August following pressure from activist investors, announced his plans for a turnaround. Shares suffered their worst day since 2009 on Monday on a number of announcements, including a 50% cut in the company’s dividend to $0.12 per share in order to fund the aggressive restructuring, a reduction in total headcount, a lower-than-expected 2018 guidance and the sale of several underperforming units. (See also: Buy Goldman Sachs, Drop GE: Morgan Stanley.) In response to GE's investor day, analysts at RBC Capital Markets cut their rating on GE stock from outperform to sector perform and lowered their price target from $25 to $20. RBC’s Deane Dray highlighted “deeper structural problems” and a turnaround likely to be “more protracted” than previously thought. “While the market was not expecting any quick fixes, we believe that CEO John Flannery’s highly anticipated plan fell short of expectations,” wrote Dray. The analyst lowered his 2018 earnings per share estimate 14% to $1.03. “Even with the shares having significantly underperformed this year, it is hard to see anything better than a Sector Perform return potential, and risk-reward looks balanced” wrote Dray. The RBC analyst did note that the silver lining, if any, was that the company is no longer in limbo after finally making its turnaround plan public. (See also: GE: Wall Street Doesn’t Expect a Quick Recovery.) 

http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/columnists/reed/ct-biz-ge-cat-restructuring-lessons-robert-reed-1115-story.html

As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. That’s because when it comes to cost-cutting, boosting sales, making money and getting back in the good graces of Wall Street, Deerfield-based Caterpillar’s two-year-plus reorganization is firing on all cylinders. As a result, Cat is chalking up the type of results that GE hopes to achieve, provided its sweeping revamp launched this week is as successful. GE is unloading a whopping $20 billion in assets, including its locally based transportation division, and shrinking the unwieldy conglomerate into a more manageable and, it hopes, highly profitable industrial concern. Boston-based GE is larger and more multi-dimensional than heavy equipment maker Cat, so direct comparisons aren’t always apt. Nonetheless, GE’s recently installed CEO John Flannery should be emboldened by Cat’s rebound. “CEO John Flannery reset expectations to reflect the harsh realities of what we believe will likely be a multiyear turnaround,” wrote Barbara Noverini, senior equity analyst for Morningstar, in an update following GE’s announcement. Just like GE, Cat understands that desperate times call for desperate measures. Between 2010 and 2016, the maker of heavy manufacturing equipment and construction vehicles suffered a 40 percent sales and revenue decline — an unprecedented tumble for the 92-year-old Cat. The free-fall compelled the executive brass in late 2015 to initiate its mass restructuring that centered on a $1.5 billion cost reduction plan. Cat also sought to use the revamp as a means of forging a different corporate culture, one that was more growth-oriented and better poised to take advantage of the homebuilding and infrastructure revival underway overseas and throughout North America. So far, Cat’s business comeback is on track. Its workforce has declined by at least 16,000, some 30 facilities have been closed or consolidated; and it may exceed the $1.5 billion in cost cuts, according to the company. In the third quarter, Cat said it expects 2017 sales and revenue of $44 billion, up from its earlier quarterly forecast of $42 billion to $44 billion. Cat also expects annual adjusted earnings of $6.25 per share, up from the $5 previously forecast. While those who have lost their jobs are bearing the brunt of Cat’s changes, the results and projections are exceeding Wall Street’s expectations. Cat stock is trading around $134 per share, compared to $94 per share about a year ago. Right now, GE can only dream of such a lofty improvement. The company’s stock is hovering at around $18 per share, down from just over $20 per share at the time of Flannery’s Monday announcement, which included a steep 50 percent dividend cut. A year ago, GE was trading at $30 per share. Wall Street wags, who have been waiting a long time for a GE turnaround, are openly wondering if Flannery is cutting enough. Some question if the company’s three remaining industry segments —aviation, health care and power—can become a big money-making operation. Flannery has asked investors to be patient because his plan will take a few years. Frustrated shareholders may be too rough on Flannery, a GE veteran with ample corporate reorganization experience, who seems ready to do what’s necessary to revive the company. After all, GE is spinning off some sacred properties, including the signature lighting division that inventor Thomas Edison developed to help start the company more than 125 years ago. Caterpillar also turned a page on its history by deciding to relocate its longtime headquarters from Peoria to Deerfield, which will be completely operational by mid-2018. Yes, large manufacturing revivals are difficult and tricky. But Cat is showing GE that there is a way to bring good things to life. roreed@chicagotribune.com Twitter @ReedTribBiz 

http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/columnists/reed/ct-biz-ge-cat-restructuring-lessons-robert-reed-1115-story.html

As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. As it embarks on one of the largest corporate transformations in modern history, General Electric may find it helpful to use locally based Caterpillar as a guiding light. That’s because when it comes to cost-cutting, boosting sales, making money and getting back in the good graces of Wall Street, Deerfield-based Caterpillar’s two-year-plus reorganization is firing on all cylinders. As a result, Cat is chalking up the type of results that GE hopes to achieve, provided its sweeping revamp launched this week is as successful. GE is unloading a whopping $20 billion in assets, including its locally based transportation division, and shrinking the unwieldy conglomerate into a more manageable and, it hopes, highly profitable industrial concern. Boston-based GE is larger and more multi-dimensional than heavy equipment maker Cat, so direct comparisons aren’t always apt. Nonetheless, GE’s recently installed CEO John Flannery should be emboldened by Cat’s rebound. “CEO John Flannery reset expectations to reflect the harsh realities of what we believe will likely be a multiyear turnaround,” wrote Barbara Noverini, senior equity analyst for Morningstar, in an update following GE’s announcement. Just like GE, Cat understands that desperate times call for desperate measures. Between 2010 and 2016, the maker of heavy manufacturing equipment and construction vehicles suffered a 40 percent sales and revenue decline — an unprecedented tumble for the 92-year-old Cat. The free-fall compelled the executive brass in late 2015 to initiate its mass restructuring that centered on a $1.5 billion cost reduction plan. Cat also sought to use the revamp as a means of forging a different corporate culture, one that was more growth-oriented and better poised to take advantage of the homebuilding and infrastructure revival underway overseas and throughout North America. So far, Cat’s business comeback is on track. Its workforce has declined by at least 16,000, some 30 facilities have been closed or consolidated; and it may exceed the $1.5 billion in cost cuts, according to the company. In the third quarter, Cat said it expects 2017 sales and revenue of $44 billion, up from its earlier quarterly forecast of $42 billion to $44 billion. Cat also expects annual adjusted earnings of $6.25 per share, up from the $5 previously forecast. While those who have lost their jobs are bearing the brunt of Cat’s changes, the results and projections are exceeding Wall Street’s expectations. Cat stock is trading around $134 per share, compared to $94 per share about a year ago. Right now, GE can only dream of such a lofty improvement. The company’s stock is hovering at around $18 per share, down from just over $20 per share at the time of Flannery’s Monday announcement, which included a steep 50 percent dividend cut. A year ago, GE was trading at $30 per share. Wall Street wags, who have been waiting a long time for a GE turnaround, are openly wondering if Flannery is cutting enough. Some question if the company’s three remaining industry segments —aviation, health care and power—can become a big money-making operation. Flannery has asked investors to be patient because his plan will take a few years. Frustrated shareholders may be too rough on Flannery, a GE veteran with ample corporate reorganization experience, who seems ready to do what’s necessary to revive the company. After all, GE is spinning off some sacred properties, including the signature lighting division that inventor Thomas Edison developed to help start the company more than 125 years ago. Caterpillar also turned a page on its history by deciding to relocate its longtime headquarters from Peoria to Deerfield, which will be completely operational by mid-2018. Yes, large manufacturing revivals are difficult and tricky. But Cat is showing GE that there is a way to bring good things to life. roreed@chicagotribune.com Twitter @ReedTribBiz 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3313101-ges-immelt-says-never-approved-corporate-jet-practice

"It was never something I approved," former General Electric (NYSE:GE) CEO Jeff Immelt tells Axios' Mike Allen of the company's practice of having an spare jet follow him on trips, and he says he stopped it "as soon as I found out about it." WSJ reported last month that Immelt had an empty business jet follow his corporate plane on several trips around the world, to be utilized in case of any mechanical problems with the first plane, with the GE board kept in the dark about the practice despite a years-old whistleblower complaint. When pressed about why he never noticed an extra plane, Immelt says he "never really thought about it... I was totally focused on the job." If Immelt did not know, who did? And are they still working at GE? Now read: GE: No Easy Fixes » 

https://www.axios.com/immelt-says-ge-going-through-cycles-will-thrive-2510060504.html

Lauren Olinger / Axios General Electric is in "tough" markets like oil and gas, and power but will be successful, former GE CEO Jeffrey Immelt said. "I'm fully confident that this company is going to thrive in the future," Immelt said at an Axios "Smarter Faster Revolution" event at the University of North Carolina. "It's 125 years old. We go through cycles." Why this matters: GE's CEO John Flannery said earlier this month the company is cutting its dividend and he wants to "reinvent" GE to make it "simpler and easier to operate." Shares are down more than 22% in just the last month. Immelt said use of an empty "backup" jet for his GE travel was a "terrible" idea and not something he approved. "It's a practice that, in retrospect, I wish we hadn't done." Go Deeper: The WSJ story on GE cost cuts that first reported on the use of multiple jets. 

http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/GE-s-Flannery-making-GE-leaner-exiting-lighting-12352695.php

By Larry Rulison Caption Close 1907 panoramic view of General Electric Co. Schenectady Works, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) 1907 panoramic view of General Electric Co. Schenectady Works, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wooden barge tied up at the Schenectady Barge Terminal, 1941, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wooden barge tied up at the Schenectady Barge Terminal, 1941, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) In 1943, boys and girls kept their bikes in separate courts at Oneida School, Schenectady, N.Y., in this photo by Philip Bonn. (Library of Congress) In 1943, boys and girls kept their bikes in separate courts at Oneida School, Schenectady, N.Y., in this photo by Philip Bonn. (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) Downtown Schenectady, N.Y., 1943, by photographer Philip Bonn (Library of Congress) General Electric turbine plant, Schenectady, NY, 1949. (Library of Congress) General Electric turbine plant, Schenectady, NY, 1949. (Library of Congress) Ladies room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Ladies room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Executive office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Executive office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Conference room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Conference room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General Engineering Office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General Engineering Office, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General offices, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General offices, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Window panel, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Window panel, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wing, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Wing, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Corridor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Corridor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) East facade, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) East facade, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Factory floor, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Drafting room, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Main entrance, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) General view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Street-level view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Street-level view, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Small door, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Small door, General Electric turbine plant, 1949, Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of the back of the Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of the back of the Schenectady County Courthouse, 108 Union St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of east and south elevations, Schenectady City Hall, 100 Jay St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Undated image of east and south elevations, Schenectady City Hall, 100 Jay St., Schenectady, N.Y. (Library of Congress) Schenectady General Electric Co. CEO John Flannery says GE Power can stay, but it needs to slash its budget by $1 billion. Flannery, who replaced Jeff Immelt as GE's leader over the summer, laid out his highly-anticipated vision for the company on Monday in a meeting with analysts that lasted nearly three hours. As expected, Flannery said that GE would exit businesses such as lighting and locomotives while it focuses on core businesses such as aviation, health care and its power plant business, known as GE Power. That's good news for downtown Schenectady, where GE has its power business headquarters and employs roughly 4,000 people. It's also good for the additional 2,000 people that work for GE Global Research in Niskayuna. Flannery praised the Niskayuna lab in his remarks Thursday and just said that GE is looking to close some foreign labs, but Niskayuna will remain open. Local officials praised Flannery's remarks, noting that he reaffirmed the importance of GE's local operations. "GE's investor presentation today affirmed the important role played by GE's Global Research Center in Niskayuna and the fact that GE Power is an integral part of the company," Ray Gillen, chair of the Schenectady County Metroplex Development Authority said Monday. "Power is one of three core businesses that the company is focused on moving forward. While GE Power is facing a challenging global environment, today's presentation reaffirmed GE's commitment to being a world leader in the power business building on the fact that 30 percent of the world's electricity supply is produced by turbines and generators built by the company." But the good news was also tempered by the news that Flannery wants to cut $1 billion in annual expenses from GE Power, a move that could spell job cuts in Schenectady, although the company has declined to provide any specific details on how the cost-cutting would be executed. Flannery has not hidden his disappointment with GE Power, which posted disappointing third quarter results that dragged down GE's overall earnings during the period and continued years of disappointing performance by GE's stock. "We have not performed well for our owners," Flannery said during the analyst meeting, held in New York City. "That is unacceptable." Just a few hours before Flannery made his remarks, he also cut GE's dividend paid to stockholders in half, dropping it to 12 cents per share from 24 cents. "We understand the importance of this decision to our shareowners and we have not made it lightly," Flannery said when he announced the dividend cut. "We are focused on driving total shareholder return and believe this is the right decision to align our dividend payout to cash flow generation." During the third quarter, GE Power's revenue dropped 4 percent to $8.7 billion, and its operating profit was down 51 percent to $611 million as GE overall saw its profits drop 10 percent. Flannery blamed the drop on poor execution and a buildup of excess inventory from overly optimistic sales projections. As a result, GE Power CEO Russell Stokes is tasked with cutting $1 billion from GE Power's annual expenses. Stokes, who is based in Atlanta, said some of the problems at GE Power had to do with GE's previous projections of capacity payments that power plants earn to have readily available electricity to send onto the grid. Because of that, fewer power plant owners are paying for upgrades to power plants that GE provides. "The U.S. market is clearly softer than we (anticipated)," Stokes said. Flannery's announcement on the dividend cut and his vision for GE's future rattled Wall Street and sent investors scrambling for the exits. Shares of GE (GE:NYSE) fell $1.47, or 7.17 percent, to $19.02 a share, a five-year low for the company that has already been dogged by complaints about its sagging stock price.         

