https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alphabet-goog-industry-group-rank-hurt-rating/

Portfolio Grader currently ranks Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) a Hold. Using Louis Navellier's investing methods, this analytical tool assesses stocks by employing proprietary fundamental and quantitative metrics.  The current Portfolio Grader recommendation on the shares has been in place for 4 months. The company is one of 131 companies within the Internet Software & Services GICS industry group, which is in turn part of the 706 company GICS Information Technology sector. The market value of GOOG is $714.3 billion which falls in the top decile in its industry group The current Portfolio Grader ranking for GOOG puts it 66 among the 131 companies in this industry group, which is a below-average position.   The Information Technology sector is ranked number 4 among the 12 sectors in the Portfolio Grader universe putting it in the top half of all the GICS sectors. The Internet Software & Services industry group is ranked 17 among the 69 industry groups within the GICS sectors, placing it above-average in terms of the Navellier scoring system. GOOG has received above-average scores in 6 of the 8 fundamental areas analyzed by Portfolio Grader and average or below-average scores in 2 of the areas evaluated in the ranking of company stocks. The company's operational scores are a source of strength with a ranking for sales growth, operating margin and earnings growth that are discernibly above average. Scores for visibility of earnings are mixed, with a ranking for earnings revisions and earnings surprises that are better than average, while the score for earnings momentum is worse than average. GOOG's grade for return on equity is materially better than its industry group average but its ranking for cash flow is below-average. These fundamental scores give Alphabet a position in the top quartile of the industry group.  The Navellier Proprietary Quantitative Score is used by Portfolio Grader to view GOOG's shares from the aspect of risk/reward. This proprietary scoring approach evaluates the relative value of the company's shares based on the current price of the shares relative to its peers, the market and risk associated with its industry and sector groups. Using this risk/reward calculation, GOOG currently scores as average in its industry group compared to its peers. Louis Navellier's proprietary Portfolio Grader stock ranking system assesses roughly 5,000 companies every week based on a number of fundamental and quantitative measures. Stocks are given a letter grade based on their results, with A being 'strong buy' and F being 'strong sell'.  Explore the tool here. Commentary provided by UpTick Data Technologies. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/alphabet-goog-industry-group-rank-hurt-rating/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://qz.com/1129072/google-goog-facebook-fb-and-amazon-amzn-need-to-be-broken-up-before-they-destroy-america-open-markets-says/

Google, Facebook, and Amazon are controlling Americans’ minds and wallets, and they need to be stopped before they destroy the US economy and democracy itself. That was the message from a dimly-lit, packed conference room in a nondescript Washington DC hotel near the train station last week. Nearly 200 tech executives, journalists, public relations people, and academics attended the event, organized by the Open Markets Institute, a tiny nonprofit that’s becoming a lightening rod for the growing anger and frustration with Big Tech in America. The group, headed by former journalist Barry C. Lynn, was unceremoniously ousted (paywall) from Google-funded think tank New America this summer, days after congratulating European regulators on fining Google €2.42 billion in June for abusing its market dominance. Open Markets has landed on its feet, Lynn told Quartz later, thanks to a group of donors and advisors helping the eight-person team spread its message far and wide. Lynn and his co-panelists delivered a message in DC that was as terrifying as it was absolute—the “Big Three” tech giants need to be cut down to size, immediately. Here are their main points: They’re destroying our intelligence and humanity: “Very precious things about human life and democratic life are being shredded,” by the dominance of Facebook as a news source, warned Franklin Foer, the author of a damning book on the “existential threat” technology poses, and a writer for The Atlantic (Quartz, like The Atlantic, is owned by Atlantic Media). Human beings are becoming “intellectually incapacitated in the face of fake news and demagoguery,” he warned. Their dominance makes us desperate: People “feel out of control of their own lives,” said Zephyr Teachout, a Fordham University Law School professor, former candidate for governor of New York, and chair of the institute. That feeling stems from the “society-wide” problem of monopolies in America, she said, and helped to get Donald Trump elected. Facebook, Google, and Amazon have a stranglehold over the “social, commercial, informational, and democratic news community.” They’re as addictive as opioids, and rotting our kids’ brains: Facebook has created nothing less than a “public health problem” by creating the illusion that we are all surrounded by people who believe the same things we do, said Roger McNamee, the Elevation Partners partner and veteran technology investor. “We have taken the notion of ‘it if bleeds, it leads’ and married it to the smart phone and individual personal data,” he said, referring to the old tabloid newspaper adage. “What’s different is they have created individual channels for two billion people.” People are responding to “positive reinforcement on the network” like they do the opioid fentanyl, McNamee said. YouTube’s appeal to kids and Google’s practice of giving away Chrome books to “get children addicted” makes him “terribly concerned” about the impact these companies are having on children. (McNamee’s fears were repeated a day later by Facebook’s first president Sean Parker, who said of the service “God only knows what its doing to our children’s brains.”) They’re killing competitors and other industries: Many panelists highlighted these companies’ practice of shutting down or buying up fledgling competitors. “These guys are stifling economic activity all over the place,” said McNamee. Breaking up AT&T in the 1982, and threatening Microsoft with a breakup in 2000, “unleashed staggering levels of innovation and economic growth,” he said. Amazon’s dominance in online book sales, as it moves into publishing and other content creation, was widely panned as an example of how Big Tech is competing with its own customers, and needs government intervention to break it up. “There is nothing inevitable about the concentration of power,” said Lina Khan, the head of legal policy at Open Markets. “We have a rich set of legal tools to address these problems.” The US’s social media giants are already under fire on Capitol Hill for allowing Russia to weaponize their platforms to meddle in the US election. Amazon’s ruthless price-slashing and non-stop expansion are raising alarms about unfair competition. So far, however US politicians have been slow to pass serious reforms, and the country’s anti-monopoly regulators appear toothless. If these companies are ever reined in, Open Markets is likely to have played a key role. While the panelists spoke about monopolies and powerlessness, tens of thousands of people watched from around the world (yes, via Facebook). Al Franken, the Democratic senator from Minnesota, promised Congress was listening, too, in a keynote speech. For these companies, “we are not their customers, we are their products,” Franken warned. The US government needs to take responsibility to “ensure that these corporations do not endanger our national security, our democracy, or our fundamental freedom,” he said. Big Tech isn’t Open Markets’ only target, Lynn said in an interview later, just the most important right now. “The Big Three platform is going to be a priority for us because of the size and danger posed by these corporations is of a different magnitude from other corporations,” he said. A decade ago, he said, he spent “a lot of time looking at Walmart,” but “Walmart looks like a gnat compared to Amazon today.” 

https://qz.com/1129072/google-goog-facebook-fb-and-amazon-amzn-need-to-be-broken-up-before-they-destroy-america-open-markets-says/

Google, Facebook, and Amazon are controlling Americans’ minds and wallets, and they need to be stopped before they destroy the US economy and democracy itself. That was the message from a dimly-lit, packed conference room in a nondescript Washington DC hotel near the train station last week. Nearly 200 tech executives, journalists, public relations people, and academics attended the event, organized by the Open Markets Institute, a tiny nonprofit that’s becoming a lightening rod for the growing anger and frustration with Big Tech in America. The group, headed by former journalist Barry C. Lynn, was unceremoniously ousted (paywall) from Google-funded think tank New America this summer, days after congratulating European regulators on fining Google €2.42 billion in June for abusing its market dominance. Open Markets has landed on its feet, Lynn told Quartz later, thanks to a group of donors and advisors helping the eight-person team spread its message far and wide. Lynn and his co-panelists delivered a message in DC that was as terrifying as it was absolute—the “Big Three” tech giants need to be cut down to size, immediately. Here are their main points: They’re destroying our intelligence and humanity: “Very precious things about human life and democratic life are being shredded,” by the dominance of Facebook as a news source, warned Franklin Foer, the author of a damning book on the “existential threat” technology poses, and a writer for The Atlantic (Quartz, like The Atlantic, is owned by Atlantic Media). Human beings are becoming “intellectually incapacitated in the face of fake news and demagoguery,” he warned. Their dominance makes us desperate: People “feel out of control of their own lives,” said Zephyr Teachout, a Fordham University Law School professor, former candidate for governor of New York, and chair of the institute. That feeling stems from the “society-wide” problem of monopolies in America, she said, and helped to get Donald Trump elected. Facebook, Google, and Amazon have a stranglehold over the “social, commercial, informational, and democratic news community.” They’re as addictive as opioids, and rotting our kids’ brains: Facebook has created nothing less than a “public health problem” by creating the illusion that we are all surrounded by people who believe the same things we do, said Roger McNamee, the Elevation Partners partner and veteran technology investor. “We have taken the notion of ‘it if bleeds, it leads’ and married it to the smart phone and individual personal data,” he said, referring to the old tabloid newspaper adage. “What’s different is they have created individual channels for two billion people.” People are responding to “positive reinforcement on the network” like they do the opioid fentanyl, McNamee said. YouTube’s appeal to kids and Google’s practice of giving away Chrome books to “get children addicted” makes him “terribly concerned” about the impact these companies are having on children. (McNamee’s fears were repeated a day later by Facebook’s first president Sean Parker, who said of the service “God only knows what its doing to our children’s brains.”) They’re killing competitors and other industries: Many panelists highlighted these companies’ practice of shutting down or buying up fledgling competitors. “These guys are stifling economic activity all over the place,” said McNamee. Breaking up AT&T in the 1982, and threatening Microsoft with a breakup in 2000, “unleashed staggering levels of innovation and economic growth,” he said. Amazon’s dominance in online book sales, as it moves into publishing and other content creation, was widely panned as an example of how Big Tech is competing with its own customers, and needs government intervention to break it up. “There is nothing inevitable about the concentration of power,” said Lina Khan, the head of legal policy at Open Markets. “We have a rich set of legal tools to address these problems.” The US’s social media giants are already under fire on Capitol Hill for allowing Russia to weaponize their platforms to meddle in the US election. Amazon’s ruthless price-slashing and non-stop expansion are raising alarms about unfair competition. So far, however US politicians have been slow to pass serious reforms, and the country’s anti-monopoly regulators appear toothless. If these companies are ever reined in, Open Markets is likely to have played a key role. While the panelists spoke about monopolies and powerlessness, tens of thousands of people watched from around the world (yes, via Facebook). Al Franken, the Democratic senator from Minnesota, promised Congress was listening, too, in a keynote speech. For these companies, “we are not their customers, we are their products,” Franken warned. The US government needs to take responsibility to “ensure that these corporations do not endanger our national security, our democracy, or our fundamental freedom,” he said. Big Tech isn’t Open Markets’ only target, Lynn said in an interview later, just the most important right now. “The Big Three platform is going to be a priority for us because of the size and danger posed by these corporations is of a different magnitude from other corporations,” he said. A decade ago, he said, he spent “a lot of time looking at Walmart,” but “Walmart looks like a gnat compared to Amazon today.” 

https://searchengineland.com/alphabet-goog-third-quarter-beats-estimates-27-8-billion-revenues-24-285675

Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google parent Alphabet announced third-quarter results. Both revenues and earnings per share beat Wall Street estimates. The company reported roughly $27.8 billion in total revenues (up 24 percent), with Google contributing all but $302 million of that amount. Earnings per share were $9.57, which was about $1.24 higher than expected. Advertising generated just over $24 billion in quarterly revenue. Operating income was about $7.8 billion. However, traffic acquisition costs (TAC) rose to $3.1 billion (vs. $2.6 billion a year ago). There are sure to be analyst questions about that item. The revenue breakdown by segment: Paid clicks on Google properties were up 6 percent year over year and aggregate cost per click (CPC) was up 1 percent. Here’s more detail: Paid click growth was significant. However, CPCs were down (18 percent) from a year ago but up slightly (1 percent) from last quarter. Alphabet (GOOG) shares are up in after-hours trading. The company says it now has more than 78,000 employees, compared with just under 70,000 a year ago. The earnings call webcast is happening now. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. March 13-15, 2018: SMX West June 11-13, 2018: SMX Advanced Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: April 23-25, 2018: San Jose 

https://qz.com/1113031/alphabet-goog-beat-on-q3-earnings-because-its-whole-business-is-still-google-googl/

Time is a flat circle. Alphabet announced its third-quarter earnings today (Oct. 26), and yet again, it brought in a ton of cash, almost entirely from Google’s advertising business. The company generated $27.8 billion in revenue, up 24% from the same quarter last year, making this Alphabet’s highest-revenue quarter ever. (The previous record was $26.06 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016.) Roughly $24.1 billion of that revenue, or about 87%, came from Google’s ad sales. Alphabet reported $7.8 billion in profit for the quarter, up about 35% from the same period a year earlier. Most of the remainder of Alphabet’s revenue, about $3.4 billion, came from other revenue streams at Google, including hardware sales, cloud services, and sales of subscription services like YouTube TV and Google Play music, chief financial officer Ruth Porat said on the company’s earnings call. Just $302 million (around 1% of Alphabet’s revenue) came from sales from every other Alphabet company, lumped into the “Other Bets” bucket of its earnings. Analysts surveyed ahead of earnings had expected Alphabet to only bring in around $22 billion in revenue. The large beat saw the company’s Class A shares rising over $40 (about 4%) in after-hours trading. It remains to be seen whether investors will tire of Alphabet relying on the same old revenue sources. The company has been massively successful selling ads against search results on its own sites and apps, and selling ads on other companies’ websites. While those businesses show no signs of slowing, Alphabet has also invested billions into researching and developing a series of ambitious “moonshot” projects. It’s unclear whether those so-called Other Bets will ever be as important to Alphabet’s bottom line as its search engine has been. Those moonshots include self-driving cars at Waymo, internet-beaming balloons and delivery drones in the X research lab, defeating death at Calico, and myriad other companies. They have largely been money pits for Alphabet since the company spun them out from its core Google business in 2015. The only real revenue that’s come out of Other Bets to date has been hardware sales from Nest, Alphabet’s internet-of-things device company, and Fiber, its fiber-optic internet service. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/alphabet-inc-goog-googl-has-broken-out-to-a-new-high-on-q3-results-20171027-00704

 (RTTNews.com) - Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) reported third quarter EPS of $9.57 after the close Thursday, up from $7.25 a year ago. The consensus estimate was for EPS of $8.33. Alphabet has gapped open sharply higher Friday morning and is now up 43.55 at $1034.97. The stock has broken out past resistance and has set a new high for the year. For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com 

https://stocknewsjournal.com/2017/10/25/drilling-down-into-alphabet-inc-goog-4/

Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $970.54, up from yesterday’s close by 0.22%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis This company has been competing with others in the Technology space and offers its own combination of interesting factors Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) currently trades with a market capitalization of $660.86 Billion. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For GOOG, the company currently has $15.61 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $25.21 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $8.33 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 34.16% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis It’s important to check the technicals to get a sense of how GOOG has been acting. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, Alphabet Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $997.21. It is now trading 26.67% off that level. The stock is trading $944.26 its 50-day moving average by -26.28%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $727.54. In recent action, Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has made a move of +4.94% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.89, and it’s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.56% with $600.57 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of GOOG. 

https://news4j.com/2017/11/16/money-making-stocks-that-will-influence-your-buying-rate-alphabet-inc-goog-5/


Jack Hue 
19 hours ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
 The following data is for Alphabet Inc. | NASDAQ: GOOG | Thursday, November 16, 2017 Based on the aggregate value of the company over its current share price and the total amount of outstanding stocks, the market cap of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) is presently reeling at 695.15B. Acting as the blue chip in today’s trade, Alphabet Inc.’s existing market cap value showcases its prevailing assets, capital and revenues. It also indicates that the share tends to be less volatile and proves to be more attractive than smaller companies because of their stability and the likelihood of higher dividend offers. The company’s P/E ratio is currently valued at 37, with a forward P/E of 24.65. The existing P/E value will allow investors to easily determine whether the company’s stock price is cheap or expensive. Corporations that acquires a higher P/E ratio are usually growth stocks. However, their relatively high multiples do not necessarily indicate that their shares are overpriced and not good buys for the long term. Alphabet Inc. has a current ratio of *tba, indicating whether the company’s short-term assets (cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, receivables and inventory) are readily obtainable to pay off its short-term liabilities. Theoretically, the higher the current ratio, the better. The corporation holds a quick ratio of *tba, signifying the short-term liquidity and the ability to use its quick assets to pay the current liabilities. However, investors should also know that this is not the whole story on company liquidity. It’s ROA is valued at *tba marking the total profit the company generates as a percentage of the value of its total assets. Generally, the higher the ROA, the better it is. A falling ROA is almost always a problem, but investors and analysts should also know that the ROA does not account for outstanding liabilities and may signpost a greater profit level than actually derived. The firm has a ROI of *tba, calculating the gain or loss generated on investment relative to the sum of money invested. Return on investments is normally expressed as a percentage and is used for personal financial decisions. The existing ROI value of Alphabet Inc. outlines the firm’s profitability alongside the efficiency of different investments. Alphabet Inc. has an EPS value of 27.59, demonstrating the portion of the company’s earnings, net of taxes and preferred stock dividends that is allotted to each share of common stock. The current amount sensibly gauges the company’s liability per unit of shareholder ownership and indicates whether it is a key driver of share prices. The current share price of Alphabet Inc. is valued at $1,020.91 with a change in price of -0.50%. Company has a target price of $1,100.86. The existing EPS value gives an insight into the company’s EPS growth this year at -6.00%. With this in mind, the EPS growth for the following year measures at 28.30%. It has an EPS growth of *tba for the past five years, indicating an EPS value of 20.68% for the next five years. The sales growth for the past five years is *tba. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG)   Tags (NASDAQ:GOOG),NASDAQ,GOOG,Alphabet Inc.,Technology,Internet Information Providers 2 mins ago 2 mins ago 9 mins ago Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment  Name *  Email *  Website   

 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/17/alphabet-goog-receiving-somewhat-positive-news-coverage-study-finds.html


					Posted by Rob Logan on Nov 17th, 2017 // No Comments  Media headlines about Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) have trended somewhat positive this week, Accern Sentiment reports. Accern scores the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. Accern ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Alphabet earned a daily sentiment score of 0.04 on Accern’s scale. Accern also assigned news coverage about the information services provider an impact score of 44.4079732578511 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is somewhat unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near future.  These are some of the news articles that may have impacted Accern Sentiment Analysis’s analysis:  Alphabet (NASDAQ GOOG) traded up $11.59 on Thursday, reaching $1,032.50. The company had a trading volume of 1,129,547 shares, compared to its average volume of 1,490,820. Alphabet has a 1-year low of $737.02 and a 1-year high of $1,048.39. The company has a market capitalization of $722,800.00, a PE ratio of 34.35 and a beta of 0.96. The company has a current ratio of 5.77, a quick ratio of 5.73 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.03.  Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 26th. The information services provider reported $9.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $8.31 by $1.26. Alphabet had a return on equity of 14.26% and a net margin of 20.09%. The firm had revenue of $27.77 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $27.17 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $9.06 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 23.7% compared to the same quarter last year.  Several research firms recently commented on GOOG. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Alphabet from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, August 25th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Tuesday, July 25th. Canaccord Genuity  reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $1,000.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a report on Thursday, July 27th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday, October 27th. Finally, B. Riley  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $1,050.00 target price (up previously from $1,032.00) on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Thursday, July 27th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and thirty-nine have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $1,047.52. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Alphabet (GOOG) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.04” was originally  posted by The Ledger Gazette and is the sole property of of The Ledger Gazette. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/17/alphabet-goog-receiving-somewhat-positive-news-coverage-study-finds.html.  In other news, VP James Grier Campbell sold 183 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, September 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $933.08, for a total transaction of $170,753.64. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, September 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $931.44, for a total transaction of $3,725,760.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 1,618 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,507,069.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 26,158 shares of company stock worth $25,437,999 over the last ninety days. Insiders own  13.92% of the company’s stock.  Alphabet Company Profile Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.   Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/google-stock-running-autopilot/

Google remains the greatest money-making machine in the history of the world, but it’s on autopilot. The search engine owned by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) churned out $6.732 billion in profits during the third quarter of 2017, on revenue of $27.772 billion. It delivered nearly $27 billion in operating cash flow, adding to a debt-free cash hoard of over $100 billion, which seems to fully justify a market cap of $718 billion, up 31% for the year so far. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) may have to ship things and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) may have to make things, but Google’s cloud continues merrily on, churning out cash automatically as people use it. But is it still a good investment? Another 30% gain will bring Alphabet’s market cap over $1 trillion. It still pays no dividends, and its “other bets,” like Waymo self-driving cars and Google Fiber broadband, are no longer getting heavy investment under the firm hand of CFO Ruth Porat. The future of Alphabet depends on global demand for mobile search that seems insatiable, and a Google Cloud platform that continues to hold potential but also continues to trail rivals like Amazon and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). What most InvestorPlace writers seem to be saying right now is to “buy the dip,” meaning it’s awfully pricey but we sure would love it if it were just a little cheaper. The October “opportunity” seen by Will Ashworth consisted of a brief dip below $1,000 per share, but at its opening Nov 15 price of $1,033 per share you’re paying over 34 times earnings for $104 billion in revenue and $32.44 per share of net income. And you’ll only save $7 on the non-voting GOOG shares. The post-earnings “breakout” seen by Chris Tyler came to about $50 per share, which seems great until you realize it’s just 5% on your money, and that, again, the company continues to pile up cash and isn’t even buying back its stock. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/google-stock-running-autopilot/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

