https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nvidia-corporation-nvda-stock-upside/

Nvidia Corporation’s (NASDAQ:NVDA) third-quarter results marked yet another great moment in company history. The graphics and autonomous driving solutions provider posted incredible numbers that justify its 60 price-earnings ratio. Along with posting strong sales for its graphics hardware, Nvidia spoke about building an AI computer that enables Level 5 driverless vehicles. So, chances are good that the stock will continue rewarding its shareholders in the near future. Nvidia reported solid results in key areas of its business. Its data center revenue doubled year-over-year to $500 million. That, along with strong adoption of its Volta platform, resulted in revenue growing an incredible 32%, to $2.64 billion. Management predicted revenue of $2.35 billion. NVDA’s GPU business grew nearly one-third from last year, to $2.22 billion. Revenue from gaming grew 25% to $1.56 billion, as demand for Pascal-based chips strengthened in all its worldwide markets. The GTX 10xx-series GPU will continue to give Nvidia’s overall revenue a strong lift. In early November, the company released the GeForce GTX 1070 Ti. Nvidia’s product line-up is ready for the holiday season, as it covers the budget (entry-level) market with the GTX 1050. And the GTX 1080 Ti is sure win over the hardcore gamers at this time of the year. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) will make a run at NVDA by trying to win market share through Polaris and Vega, but early, negative reviews of Vega may take away some shine from AMD. Polaris GPUs will continue doing well, but sustained, high prices due to its popularity for cryptocurrency mining may hurt AMD’s sales volumes. Meanwhile, Nvidia benefited from the continued interest in cryptocurrency mining too, enough for the company to sell a dedicated board in its OEM business. Investors should also smile over Nintendo’s success with the Switch Console since NVDA supplies the GPU for it. During the third quarter, Nvidia announced the DRIVE PX Pegasus. This is an AI computer that enables Level 5 driverless vehicles. It is tenfold faster than the system it replaces and can process 320 trillion operations in a single second. NVDA already has 25 companies developing autonomous robotaxis — and the company’s AI solutions do not end with automobiles. Next year, DHL is testing autonomous delivery trucks that use the NVIDIA DRIVE PX platform. It is no wonder that Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) bought MobileEye or that Ambarella, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMBA) is refocusing its business towards advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) solutions. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/nvidia-corporation-nvda-stock-upside/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/16/the-bull-case-for-nvidia-corporation-nvda-2/

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stock flux has recently been causing stir among the investment community. Analysts often use price and volume data to predict future stock performance. In the case of NVDA, the chart has some interesting things to say about where the stock might be headed. How has the stock performed recently? NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) in the last month has increased +6.28%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and outperformed a peer group of similar companies by 347%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $209.98, NVDA sits below its 52-week high. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has been trading in a bullish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that NVDA may be headed in the future. To forecast a stock’s future performance, analysts use momentum indicators, which take into account the size and speed of these price movements. As momentum begins to slow, it may be a sign that a recent trend is about to reverse. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for NVDA is 62.20%, which suggests that the stock is not particularly expensive or cheap, and not predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 76.70%, tells a different story, and suggests that NVDA currently trades in overbought territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? Volume patterns can also be useful for predicting future performance. When trading activity is abnormally high, it’s often a sign that the market feels particularly strong in one way or another about the future direction of a stock. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) average trading volume of 13,602,185 during the past month is 23.7% below its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been less active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? NVDA is currently overvalued by 20.37% relative to the average 1-year price target of $174.44 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 2.40, which implies that analysts are generally neutral in their outlook for NVDA over the next year. How risky is the stock?  In order to put NVDA’s recent price performance into context, we need to get a sense of how the stock moves in relation to the overall market. Beta, which measures a stock’s price volatility relative to the market, provides the cleanest measure of systematic risk for a stock. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has a beta of 1.20, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are more extreme than the market as a whole. NVDA therefore has a above average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, NVDA average daily volatility was 30.31%, which is 2.3 percentage points lower than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/17/nvidia-corporation-nvda-position-boosted-by-pictet-asset-management-ltd.html


					Posted by Sebastian Weber on Nov 17th, 2017 // No Comments  Pictet Asset Management Ltd. boosted its position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) by 0.9% during the 3rd quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor  owned 332,990 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock after acquiring an additional 3,122 shares during the quarter. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. owned 0.06% of NVIDIA Corporation worth $59,529,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.  Several other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. grew its stake in  NVIDIA Corporation by 0.7% during the second quarter. Thompson Davis & CO. Inc. now owns 822 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $119,000 after buying an additional 6 shares in the last quarter.  Family Firm Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 0.7% in the 2nd quarter. Family Firm Inc. now owns 1,968 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $284,000 after purchasing an additional 13 shares in the last quarter.  Appleton Partners Inc. MA boosted its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 1.2% in the 2nd quarter. Appleton Partners Inc. MA now owns 2,570 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $372,000 after purchasing an additional 30 shares in the last quarter.  Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 0.4% in the 2nd quarter. Carnegie Capital Asset Management LLC now owns 7,371 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $1,212,000 after purchasing an additional 30 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Pinebridge Investments L.P. boosted its stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 1.8% in the 2nd quarter. Pinebridge Investments L.P. now owns 1,872 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $271,000 after purchasing an additional 33 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  65.40% of the company’s stock.  In other NVIDIA Corporation news, Director A Brooke Seawell sold 30,000 shares of NVIDIA Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, September 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $170.19, for a total value of $5,105,700.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 16,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,809,326.33. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Michael Byron sold 409 shares of NVIDIA Corporation stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, September 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $171.01, for a total value of $69,943.09. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 136,199 shares in the company, valued at approximately $23,291,390.99. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 451,503 shares of company stock worth $81,997,895 in the last three months. 5.82% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders.  NVDA has been the subject of several analyst reports. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on shares of NVIDIA Corporation from $200.00 to $225.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Friday, November 10th. B. Riley  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $200.00 price objective on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research note on Sunday, August 13th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price target on shares of NVIDIA Corporation from $230.00 to $240.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, November 10th. Needham & Company LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $250.00 price target on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research report on Friday, November 10th. Finally, Nomura raised shares of NVIDIA Corporation from a “reduce” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $110.00 to $190.00 in a research report on Friday, November 10th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued  a hold rating, twenty-four have assigned  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company. NVIDIA Corporation currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $185.93. Shares of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ NVDA) traded up $1.63 on Thursday, reaching $211.61. The company had a trading volume of 11,001,605 shares, compared to its average volume of 17,684,322. The company has a market cap of $126,970.00, a P/E ratio of 52.75, a PEG ratio of 4.64 and a beta of 1.23. NVIDIA Corporation has a 52 week low of $84.77 and a 52 week high of $218.67. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.31, a current ratio of 8.26 and a quick ratio of 7.42.  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, November 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $1.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.39. The company had revenue of $2.64 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.36 billion. NVIDIA Corporation had a return on equity of 42.71% and a net margin of 28.78%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 31.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.94 EPS.  equities research analysts predict that  NVIDIA Corporation will post 4.13 EPS for the current year.  The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Investors of record on Friday, November 24th will be paid a dividend of $0.15 per share. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.28%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, November 22nd. This is an increase from NVIDIA Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.14. NVIDIA Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 14.00%.  ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was  posted by The Ledger Gazette and is owned by of The Ledger Gazette. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://ledgergazette.com/2017/11/17/nvidia-corporation-nvda-position-boosted-by-pictet-asset-management-ltd.html.  NVIDIA Corporation Company Profile Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users.   Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/11/16/nvidia-corporation-nvda-given-new-210-00-price-target-at-morgan-stanley.html


					Posted by Stan Pace on Nov 16th, 2017 // No Comments  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) had its price objective lifted by Morgan Stanley from $168.00 to $210.00 in a research note released on Monday, November 6th. Morgan Stanley currently has an equal weight rating on the computer hardware maker’s stock. NVDA has been the subject of several other research reports. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded shares of NVIDIA Corporation to a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Needham & Company LLC  reiterated a buy rating and issued a $200.00 price target (up previously from $130.00) on shares of NVIDIA Corporation in a research report on Monday, July 10th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. upgraded shares of NVIDIA Corporation from a hold rating to a buy rating and upped their price target for the company from $155.88 to $177.00 in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Vetr downgraded shares of NVIDIA Corporation from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $174.02 price target for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Finally, BidaskClub upgraded shares of NVIDIA Corporation from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued  a hold rating, twenty-four have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $185.93. Shares of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) traded up $1.63 during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $211.61. 10,980,378 shares of the company were exchanged, compared to its average volume of 17,714,572. The company has a quick ratio of 7.42, a current ratio of 8.26 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.31. The firm has a market capitalization of $126,970.00, a PE ratio of 52.75, a P/E/G ratio of 4.64 and a beta of 1.23. NVIDIA Corporation has a 52-week low of $84.77 and a 52-week high of $218.67.  NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $1.33 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.39. NVIDIA Corporation had a net margin of 28.78% and a return on equity of 42.71%. The firm had revenue of $2.64 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.36 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.94 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 31.5% compared to the same quarter last year.  equities analysts forecast that  NVIDIA Corporation will post 4.13 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, November 24th will be issued a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, November 22nd. This is an increase from NVIDIA Corporation’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.14. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.28%. NVIDIA Corporation’s payout ratio is presently 14.00%.  In other NVIDIA Corporation news, insider Jen Hsun Huang sold 110,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, September 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $166.08, for a total transaction of $18,268,800.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director A Brooke Seawell sold 30,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, September 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $170.19, for a total value of $5,105,700.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 16,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,809,326.33. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 451,503 shares of company stock worth $81,997,895 over the last ninety days. Company insiders own  5.82% of the company’s stock.  Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the business. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. lifted its position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 3,507.8% during the third quarter. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. now owns 8,803 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $1,567,000 after acquiring an additional 8,559 shares in the last quarter.  Americafirst Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation in the third quarter worth $207,000.  EagleClaw Capital Managment LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation in the third quarter worth $241,000.  Belpointe Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation in the third quarter worth $2,745,000.  Finally, Cetera Investment Advisers raised its position in shares of  NVIDIA Corporation by 96.3% in the third quarter. Cetera Investment Advisers now owns 3,803 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock worth $681,000 after buying an additional 1,866 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  65.40% of the company’s stock.  NVIDIA Corporation Company Profile Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users.   Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Analyst%2BComments/Daiwa%2BSecurities%2BAssumes%2BNVIDIA%2B%2528NVDA%2529%2Bat%2BBuy/13521335.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/nvidia-nvda-vs-intel-intc-is-it-a-tie-in-the-ai-market-cm879022

 As the technology sector continues its shift to Artificial Intelligence (AI), this is a good time for investors to focus on stocks from this space. Today, we take a look at two major AI solution providers - NVIDIA Corp. NVDA  and Intel Corp. INTC  . Before diving into the details of these two companies, let's get an idea about the industry. AI techniques like machine learning, deep learning and natural language processing (NLP) are rapidly changing our digital lives. AI has many broad definitions, but essentially it refers to the concept of machines and virtual programs that can replicate human mannerisms, such as speech recognition, visual processing and so on.  Massive Growth Potential of the Industry  According to the latest data from the IDC, worldwide spending on AI systems will touch $12.5 billion in 2017, reflecting an increase of nearly 60% from 2016. The IDC is also expecting this global spending to witness a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 54.4% through 2020, with total revenues likely to reach $46 billion. Revenue projections are also bullish. One estimate from research company Tractica puts revenues from AI at $59.8 billion by 2025. If such an optimistic forecast does come true, it would be a quantum leap from the 2016 level of a mere $1.4 billion. Moreover AI's increasing application into emerging fields like autonomous vehicles is a key catalyst. Autonomous vehicle can sense the surrounding environment and navigate that space without the involvement of humans. Technology like radar, lidar, GPS and computer vision help these cars accomplish this feat. According to Boston Consulting Group estimates, the autonomous car market will be worth $42 billion by 2025 and $77 billion by 2035. These projections paint a rosy picture for NVIDIA and Intel's growth prospects in the AI space.  Neck and Neck  NVIDIA's foray into the autonomous vehicles and other automotive electronics space has been driving the stock higher since mid-2015. The company continues to enter into new partnerships based on its DRIVE PX AI platform. NVIDIA also recently unveiled a new AI supercomputer chip designed for self-driving cars called Pegasus at its GPU Technology Conference in Europe. This new technology helps to drive fully autonomous robotaxis which can handle the concept of Level 5 self-driving vehicles and uses NVIDIA's DRIVE PX 2 platform, trained on deep neural networks. Per the company, the new system is capable of delivering 320 trillion operations per second of performance, which is more than 10 times faster than its predecessor. Demand for NVIDIA's HGX AI supercomputer also remains high as more organizations are keen on building AI-enabled applications. The company stated that Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo will be using its Volta HGX architecture to build AI systems for datacenters. During the fiscal third quarter, NVIDIA launched TensorRT programmable inference acceleration platform, thereby improving the performance and reducing the cost of AI inferencing. Notably, more than 1,200 companies are already using this inference platform, including Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook FB  , Google, Alibaba BABA  , Baidu, Hi Vision and Tencent. We expect these factors to help the company sustain their strong momentum Coming to Intel, the company closed the acquisition  of Israel-based Mobileye, an autonomous vehicle technology provider, during the third quarter. The deal will help the company penetrate the $70 billion autonomous driving systems, data and services market. In 2017, Mobileye won 14 Advanced Driver Assistance Systems designs across 14 automakers compared with 12 wins in 2016. The company has been a supplier to Alphabet's Waymo self-driving car unit, which it revealed  during the quarter. Intel also formed  Automotive Edge Computing Consortium in the quarter. Notably, Microsoft is deploying Intel FPGAs to develop the industry's fastest public cloud network and accelerate deep neural networks. The company announced that it would use Intel's 14-nm Stratix 10 FPGAs for its accelerated deep-learning platform (Project Brainwave). Chinese e-commerce giant, Alibaba also selected Intel FPGA's in its Cloud. Moreover, Audi is using Intel's Cyclone V SoC FPGA technology for the Level 3 autonomous driving system in its upcoming A8. Intel also launched Movidius Myriad X, the world's first vision processing unit with a dedicated neural compute engine to deliver AI capabilities to the edge in a low-power, high-performance package. The company also delivered a 17-qubit superconducting test chip for quantum computing to its research partner, QuTech in the quarter. Intel is set to launch Nervana neural network processor. The company has worked with Facebook to launch this new AI hardware. Giving tough competition to NVIDIA, Intel recently announced the appointment of Raja Koduri. The former top graphics architect at AMD will take on the role of "chief architect and senior vice president of the newly formed Core and Visual Computing Group and general manager of a new initiative to drive edge computing solutions," according to an Intel press release.  NVIDIA or Intel?  Notably, both Intel and NVIDIA sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   . Now let's take a look at some key metrics for both of these stocks:      Company     Market Cap     EPS Growth Rate     Est. Y/y EPS Growth     Est. Y/y Revenue Growth      NVIDIA   129.68 B   11.20%   60.53%   35.78%     Intel   213.31 B   8.42%   18.72%   4.43%      Stock Performance and Valuation  NVIDIA remains one of the best performers in the semiconductor space. The stock has been clocking solid returns over the past year and has soared 126.7%, outperforming the  industry  's gain of 53.1% in the same period.    However, Intel has failed to keep up pace. Intel's stock has returned 30.9% in a year, substantially underperforming the 53.1% rally of the industry.    Many would argue that NVIDIA with its hefty forward P/E valuation of 50.9x compared with the industry average of 29.7x is a risky bet. Intel, on the other hand, looks much attractive in this aspect with a forward P/E valuation of 14.1x compared with the industry average of 29.7x. NVIDIA has surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters with an average positive surprise of 33.5%. Intel has also surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters with an average positive surprise of 9.7%.  Conclusion  These stocks have grabbed the spotlight with striking performance and strong growth projections. Also, NVIDIA and Intel are two of the hottest stocks in the S&P 500 and there's a very good chance they will continue performing well in 2018. We believe that in the long term, both of these companies stand to benefit from their dominant positions in the AI space. The final tally reveals a tie.  Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside?  Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.      Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.    See the pot trades we're targeting>>    Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report makeArticleAd();  Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA): Free Stock Analysis Report   Facebook, Inc. (FB): Free Stock Analysis Report   Intel Corporation (INTC): Free Stock Analysis Report   NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research  As the technology sector continues its shift to Artificial Intelligence (AI), this is a good time for investors to focus on stocks from this space. Today, we take a look at two major AI solution providers - NVIDIA Corp. NVDA  and Intel Corp. INTC  . Before diving into the details of these two companies, let's get an idea about the industry. AI techniques like machine learning, deep learning and natural language processing (NLP) are rapidly changing our digital lives. AI has many broad definitions, but essentially it refers to the concept of machines and virtual programs that can replicate human mannerisms, such as speech recognition, visual processing and so on.  Massive Growth Potential of the Industry  According to the latest data from the IDC, worldwide spending on AI systems will touch $12.5 billion in 2017, reflecting an increase of nearly 60% from 2016. The IDC is also expecting this global spending to witness a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 54.4% through 2020, with total revenues likely to reach $46 billion. Revenue projections are also bullish. One estimate from research company Tractica puts revenues from AI at $59.8 billion by 2025. If such an optimistic forecast does come true, it would be a quantum leap from the 2016 level of a mere $1.4 billion. Moreover AI's increasing application into emerging fields like autonomous vehicles is a key catalyst. Autonomous vehicle can sense the surrounding environment and navigate that space without the involvement of humans. Technology like radar, lidar, GPS and computer vision help these cars accomplish this feat. According to Boston Consulting Group estimates, the autonomous car market will be worth $42 billion by 2025 and $77 billion by 2035. These projections paint a rosy picture for NVIDIA and Intel's growth prospects in the AI space.  Neck and Neck  NVIDIA's foray into the autonomous vehicles and other automotive electronics space has been driving the stock higher since mid-2015. The company continues to enter into new partnerships based on its DRIVE PX AI platform. NVIDIA also recently unveiled a new AI supercomputer chip designed for self-driving cars called Pegasus at its GPU Technology Conference in Europe. This new technology helps to drive fully autonomous robotaxis which can handle the concept of Level 5 self-driving vehicles and uses NVIDIA's DRIVE PX 2 platform, trained on deep neural networks. Per the company, the new system is capable of delivering 320 trillion operations per second of performance, which is more than 10 times faster than its predecessor. Demand for NVIDIA's HGX AI supercomputer also remains high as more organizations are keen on building AI-enabled applications. The company stated that Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo will be using its Volta HGX architecture to build AI systems for datacenters. During the fiscal third quarter, NVIDIA launched TensorRT programmable inference acceleration platform, thereby improving the performance and reducing the cost of AI inferencing. Notably, more than 1,200 companies are already using this inference platform, including Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook FB  , Google, Alibaba BABA  , Baidu, Hi Vision and Tencent. We expect these factors to help the company sustain their strong momentum Coming to Intel, the company closed the acquisition  of Israel-based Mobileye, an autonomous vehicle technology provider, during the third quarter. The deal will help the company penetrate the $70 billion autonomous driving systems, data and services market. In 2017, Mobileye won 14 Advanced Driver Assistance Systems designs across 14 automakers compared with 12 wins in 2016. The company has been a supplier to Alphabet's Waymo self-driving car unit, which it revealed  during the quarter. Intel also formed  Automotive Edge Computing Consortium in the quarter. Notably, Microsoft is deploying Intel FPGAs to develop the industry's fastest public cloud network and accelerate deep neural networks. The company announced that it would use Intel's 14-nm Stratix 10 FPGAs for its accelerated deep-learning platform (Project Brainwave). Chinese e-commerce giant, Alibaba also selected Intel FPGA's in its Cloud. Moreover, Audi is using Intel's Cyclone V SoC FPGA technology for the Level 3 autonomous driving system in its upcoming A8. Intel also launched Movidius Myriad X, the world's first vision processing unit with a dedicated neural compute engine to deliver AI capabilities to the edge in a low-power, high-performance package. The company also delivered a 17-qubit superconducting test chip for quantum computing to its research partner, QuTech in the quarter. Intel is set to launch Nervana neural network processor. The company has worked with Facebook to launch this new AI hardware. Giving tough competition to NVIDIA, Intel recently announced the appointment of Raja Koduri. The former top graphics architect at AMD will take on the role of "chief architect and senior vice president of the newly formed Core and Visual Computing Group and general manager of a new initiative to drive edge computing solutions," according to an Intel press release.  NVIDIA or Intel?  Notably, both Intel and NVIDIA sport a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   . Now let's take a look at some key metrics for both of these stocks:  Company   Market Cap   EPS Growth Rate   Est. Y/y EPS Growth   Est. Y/y Revenue Growth  NVIDIA 129.68 B 11.20% 60.53% 35.78% Intel 213.31 B 8.42% 18.72% 4.43%  Stock Performance and Valuation  NVIDIA remains one of the best performers in the semiconductor space. The stock has been clocking solid returns over the past year and has soared 126.7%, outperforming the  industry  's gain of 53.1% in the same period.    However, Intel has failed to keep up pace. Intel's stock has returned 30.9% in a year, substantially underperforming the 53.1% rally of the industry.    Many would argue that NVIDIA with its hefty forward P/E valuation of 50.9x compared with the industry average of 29.7x is a risky bet. Intel, on the other hand, looks much attractive in this aspect with a forward P/E valuation of 14.1x compared with the industry average of 29.7x. NVIDIA has surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters with an average positive surprise of 33.5%. Intel has also surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters with an average positive surprise of 9.7%.  Conclusion  These stocks have grabbed the spotlight with striking performance and strong growth projections. Also, NVIDIA and Intel are two of the hottest stocks in the S&P 500 and there's a very good chance they will continue performing well in 2018. We believe that in the long term, both of these companies stand to benefit from their dominant positions in the AI space. The final tally reveals a tie.  Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside?  Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.      Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.    See the pot trades we're targeting>>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

http://www.nasdaq.com/article/jacobs-jec-to-report-q4-earnings-whats-in-the-offing-cm879081

 Premium technical services company Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.JEC is scheduled to report fourth-quarter fiscal 2017 (ended Sep 30, 2017) results before the market opens on Nov 21.
 The company's earnings in third-quarter fiscal 2017 came in at 79 cents, in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. However, the company delivered a positive average earnings surprise of 4.77%, over the preceding four quarters. Over the last month, Jacobs' shares yielded a return of 0.5%, as against the 1.8% loss incurred by the industry .   Let's see how things are shaping up prior to this announcement. Factors at Play Elevated infrastructure spending in the United States and recovering economic conditions in China (a major industrial end-market) are anticipated to boost demand for Jacobs' premium engineering and construction management services, going forward. The company also believes its strategic restructuring moves will continue to reduce it operational costs in the near term. In addition to the above, Jacobs has been steadily enhancing its business and brand status on the back of prestigious contract wins. In the last few months, the company has secured several contracts from renowned institutions and public-sector agencies like the Shell Oil Company, Chevron Products Company, the U.S. Army, EQUATE Petrochemical Company, TransCanada Corporation and Sellafield Ltd. Notably, higher transportation spending of the government authorities of Australia, the U.K. and the United States has largely increased Jacobs' contract winning opportunities. However, turbulence in the oil and gas market is expected to hurt the company's Petroleum & Chemicals segment's performance in the quarter to be reported and even after. Moreover, disappointing field services revenues might adversely affect the company's Industrial segment's business. Jacobs also believes reduced public spending in the U.K. will thwart its revenues and profitability in the fiscal fourth quarter. We also fear that other headwinds such as intense industry rivalry or adverse foreign currency translation impact might weigh over Jacobs' top- and bottom-line performances in the soon-to-be-reported quarter.
 Based on the current market conditions, the company projects earnings in the range of $3.00-$3.15 per share for fiscal 2017.Earnings Whispers
 Our proven model does not conclusively show that Jacobs is likely to beat on earnings this quarter. That is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here as we will see below. Zacks ESP: Jacobs currently has an Earnings ESP of -3.11%. This is because the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 83 cents is higher than the Most Accurate estimate of 80 cents.  Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Price and EPS Surprise  Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Price and EPS Surprise | Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. Quote You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they're reported with our Earnings ESP Filter . Zacks Rank: Jacobs carries a favorable Zacks Rank #2 but a negative ESP makes surprise prediction difficult. It should be noted that we caution against stocks with a Zacks Rank #4 or 5 (Sell rated) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions.Stocks that Warrant a Look Here are some stocks within the industry that you may want to consider, as our model shows that these have the right combination of elements to post an earnings beat: KB Home KBH , with an Earnings ESP of 0.33% and a Zacks Rank #1. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks here .
 Winnebago Industries, Inc. WGO , with an Earnings ESP of +1.91% and a Zacks Rank #1. TRI Pointe Group, Inc. TPH , with an Earnings ESP of +0.39% and a Zacks Rank #2.Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside? Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana. Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look. See the pot trades we're targeting>> 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.
 

 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apos-why-time-buy-nvidia-130801855.html

A successful investor understands the importance of adding well-performing stocks to the portfolio at the right time. NVIDIA Corporation NVDA is one such technology stock that has been on a healthy growth trajectory of late. Shares of this California-based graphic chip behemoth have rallied nearly 5% since its reported solid third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. Moreover, the stock has been clocking solid returns in the last year and has soared 158.4%, outperforming the industry's gain of 60.3% over the same period. The stock has an estimated long-term earnings growth rate of 11.2%. With solid prospects, this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock is an attractive pick at the moment. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Stellar Performance in Q3 NVIDIA posted earnings of $1.33 per share on non-GAAP basis, up nearly 60.2% year over year. Non-GAAP earnings also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. The year-over-year rise in the bottom line mainly stemmed from significant revenue growth along with gross margin and operating margin expansion. Revenues surged 31.5% year over year to $2.636 billion.  The figure also comfortably surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.364 billion as well as management’s projection of $2.35 billion (+/-2%). The year-over-year jump is primarily attributable to growth across all the platforms — the GPUs gaming platform, Professional Visualization, datacenter and Tegra automotive platforms. Further, NVIDIA continued to gain strength in the artificial intelligence (AI) space, which positively impacted the quarter’s revenues. Raised Guidance For fourth-quarter fiscal 2018, NVIDIA expects revenues of approximately $2.65 billion (+/-2%), which is much higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.44 billion. For fiscal 2018, the company continues to expect returning $1.25 billion to its shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases. Estimates Northbound Estimates for NVIDIA have moved up in the past seven days, reflecting the optimistic outlook of analysts. Earnings estimates for the current quarter have jumped 5.1% while that of next quarter moved up 3.5%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues is $2.44 billion for current quarter, displaying 12.3% year-over-year growth. Revenues for fiscal 2018 are estimated to be $8.99 billion, reflecting 30% annual growth. For the current quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at $1.03, depicting year-over-year growth of 3.5% while that for fiscal 2018 of $3.66 displays a rise of 42.6%. Positive Earnings Surprise History NVIDIA has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, delivering a positive average earnings surprise of 33.5%. Growth Drivers The company’s sustained focus on introducing fast and innovative products as well as agreements with leading PC game makers have been driving its Gaming GPU business. During the quarter, NVIDIA announced the launch of the new high end graphic card, GeForce GTX 1070 1070 Ti. Available from Nov 2, the card was released to take down AMD’s $400 Radeon Vega 56. We believe this will take the gaming experience to a new level. Hence, the launch of this product will enable NVIDIA to increase its customer base and help in garnering additional revenues. NVIDIA also collaborated with Square Enix to unveil Final Fantasy XV Windows Edition for PC in Gamescom 2017, which is aimed at bringing an enhanced gaming experience to PCs. This deal is a positive for NVIDIA, as it will help the company gain market share among gaming content developers.  Moreover, it joined forces with Activision to bring Destiny 2 online game to the PC for the first time. The company’s Volta-based V100 accelerator was the most notable launch of late. The Volta V100 GPU provides 10 times more deep learning power to the company’s year-old predecessor, Pascal generation GPUs. Recently, Alibaba, Baidu BIDU and Tencent announced that they are adopting NVIDIA Volta GPUs in their datacenters and cloud server, joining Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet’s GOOGL Google and Microsoft MSFT. Demand for NVIDIA’s HGX AI supercomputer also remained high as more organizations are keen on building AI-enabled applications. The company stated that Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo will be using its Volta HGX architecture to build AI systems for datacenters. During the quarter, NVIDIA launched TensorRT programmable inference acceleration platform, thereby improving the performance and reducing the cost of AI inferencing. Notably, more than 1,200 companies are already using this inference platform, including Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Alibaba, Baidu, Hi Vision and Tencent. The company also unveiled a new AI supercomputer chip designed for self-driving cars called Pegasus at its GPU Technology Conference in Europe. This new technology helps to drive fully autonomous robotaxis which can handle the concept of Level 5 self-driving vehicles and uses NVIDIA’s DRIVE PX 2 platform, trained on deep neural networks. Per the company, the new system is capable of delivering 320 trillion operations per second of performance, which is more than 10 times compared with its predecessor. To Conclude We expect these factors to help the company sustain strong momentum and stay afloat amid difficult times. Consequently, we suggest that investors buy the stock for the time being. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?  Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Baidu, Inc. (BIDU) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/apos-why-time-buy-nvidia-130801855.html

A successful investor understands the importance of adding well-performing stocks to the portfolio at the right time. NVIDIA Corporation NVDA is one such technology stock that has been on a healthy growth trajectory of late. Shares of this California-based graphic chip behemoth have rallied nearly 5% since its reported solid third-quarter fiscal 2018 results. Moreover, the stock has been clocking solid returns in the last year and has soared 158.4%, outperforming the industry's gain of 60.3% over the same period. The stock has an estimated long-term earnings growth rate of 11.2%. With solid prospects, this Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stock is an attractive pick at the moment. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Stellar Performance in Q3 NVIDIA posted earnings of $1.33 per share on non-GAAP basis, up nearly 60.2% year over year. Non-GAAP earnings also beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. The year-over-year rise in the bottom line mainly stemmed from significant revenue growth along with gross margin and operating margin expansion. Revenues surged 31.5% year over year to $2.636 billion.  The figure also comfortably surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.364 billion as well as management’s projection of $2.35 billion (+/-2%). The year-over-year jump is primarily attributable to growth across all the platforms — the GPUs gaming platform, Professional Visualization, datacenter and Tegra automotive platforms. Further, NVIDIA continued to gain strength in the artificial intelligence (AI) space, which positively impacted the quarter’s revenues. Raised Guidance For fourth-quarter fiscal 2018, NVIDIA expects revenues of approximately $2.65 billion (+/-2%), which is much higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.44 billion. For fiscal 2018, the company continues to expect returning $1.25 billion to its shareholders in the form of cash dividends and share repurchases. Estimates Northbound Estimates for NVIDIA have moved up in the past seven days, reflecting the optimistic outlook of analysts. Earnings estimates for the current quarter have jumped 5.1% while that of next quarter moved up 3.5%. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues is $2.44 billion for current quarter, displaying 12.3% year-over-year growth. Revenues for fiscal 2018 are estimated to be $8.99 billion, reflecting 30% annual growth. For the current quarter, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for earnings is pegged at $1.03, depicting year-over-year growth of 3.5% while that for fiscal 2018 of $3.66 displays a rise of 42.6%. Positive Earnings Surprise History NVIDIA has an impressive earnings surprise history. The company outpaced the Zacks Consensus Estimate in the trailing four quarters, delivering a positive average earnings surprise of 33.5%. Growth Drivers The company’s sustained focus on introducing fast and innovative products as well as agreements with leading PC game makers have been driving its Gaming GPU business. During the quarter, NVIDIA announced the launch of the new high end graphic card, GeForce GTX 1070 1070 Ti. Available from Nov 2, the card was released to take down AMD’s $400 Radeon Vega 56. We believe this will take the gaming experience to a new level. Hence, the launch of this product will enable NVIDIA to increase its customer base and help in garnering additional revenues. NVIDIA also collaborated with Square Enix to unveil Final Fantasy XV Windows Edition for PC in Gamescom 2017, which is aimed at bringing an enhanced gaming experience to PCs. This deal is a positive for NVIDIA, as it will help the company gain market share among gaming content developers.  Moreover, it joined forces with Activision to bring Destiny 2 online game to the PC for the first time. The company’s Volta-based V100 accelerator was the most notable launch of late. The Volta V100 GPU provides 10 times more deep learning power to the company’s year-old predecessor, Pascal generation GPUs. Recently, Alibaba, Baidu BIDU and Tencent announced that they are adopting NVIDIA Volta GPUs in their datacenters and cloud server, joining Amazon, Facebook, Alphabet’s GOOGL Google and Microsoft MSFT. Demand for NVIDIA’s HGX AI supercomputer also remained high as more organizations are keen on building AI-enabled applications. The company stated that Huawei, Inspur and Lenovo will be using its Volta HGX architecture to build AI systems for datacenters. During the quarter, NVIDIA launched TensorRT programmable inference acceleration platform, thereby improving the performance and reducing the cost of AI inferencing. Notably, more than 1,200 companies are already using this inference platform, including Amazon, Microsoft, Facebook, Google, Alibaba, Baidu, Hi Vision and Tencent. The company also unveiled a new AI supercomputer chip designed for self-driving cars called Pegasus at its GPU Technology Conference in Europe. This new technology helps to drive fully autonomous robotaxis which can handle the concept of Level 5 self-driving vehicles and uses NVIDIA’s DRIVE PX 2 platform, trained on deep neural networks. Per the company, the new system is capable of delivering 320 trillion operations per second of performance, which is more than 10 times compared with its predecessor. To Conclude We expect these factors to help the company sustain strong momentum and stay afloat amid difficult times. Consequently, we suggest that investors buy the stock for the time being. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?  Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Baidu, Inc. (BIDU) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) : Free Stock Analysis Report Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) : Free Stock Analysis Report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

https://finance.yahoo.com/news/surprise-coming-nvidia-nvda-earnings-134001006.html

Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and NVIDIA Corporation NVDA may be one such company. The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for their report. That is because NVIDIA is seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity as of late, which is generally a precursor to an earnings beat. After all, analysts raising estimates right before earnings — with the most up-to-date information possible — is a pretty good indicator of some favorable trends underneath the surface for NVDA in this report. In fact, the Most Accurate Estimate for the current quarter is currently at 95 cents per share for NVDA, compared to a broader Zacks Consensus Estimate of 94 cents per share. This suggests that analysts have very recently bumped up their estimates for NVDA, giving the stock a Zacks Earnings ESP of +0.71% heading into earnings season. NVIDIA Corporation Price and EPS Surprise   NVIDIA Corporation Price and EPS Surprise | NVIDIA Corporation Quote Why is this Important? A positive reading for the Zacks Earnings ESP has proven to be very powerful in producing both positive surprises, and outperforming the market. Our recent 10-year backtest shows that stocks that have a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better show a positive surprise nearly 70% of the time, and have returned over 28% on average in annual returns (see more Top Earnings ESP stocks here). Given that NVDA has a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) and an ESP in positive territory, investors might want to consider this stock ahead of earnings. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here. Clearly, recent earnings estimate revisions suggest that good things are ahead for NVIDIA, and that a beat might be in the cards for the upcoming report. Wall Street’s Next Amazon  Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It’s a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius. Click for details >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research 

