http://www.zdnet.com/article/ge-healthcare-turns-to-nvidia-for-ai-boost-in-medical-imaging/

Artificial Intelligence Singapore aims to drive up standards for autonomous vehicles with test centre 

https://www.itproportal.com/news/nvidia-and-ge-partner-up-to-boost-ai-healthcare-adoption/


By
Michael Moore
2017-11-27T13:51:44.33ZNews 
 Nvidia has announced a major new partnership with GE Healthcare, the health arm of US giant GE, to develop new and advanced AI-powered tools and services. The company has around 500,000 medical imaging devices in operation around the globe, and is now looking to create and develop smarter and more effective tools using the power AI technology. Nvidia has been at the forefront of AI technology through its extensive GPU hardware line, which is also used in areas such as robotics and self-driving cars.  The company will now look to work with GE Healthcare to supply GPU-accelerated deep learning solutions as part of a new Applied Intelligence platform to further patient care and medical applications.  This includes designing more sophisticated neural networks for healthcare and medical applications — from real-time medical condition assessment to point-of-care interventions to predictive analytics for clinical decision-making.  Patients will also be able to benefit from a number of advances in the healthcare, including lower radiation doses, faster exam times and higher quality medical imaging. “Healthcare is changing at remarkable speed, and the technologies that will transform the industry should reflect that pace,” said Kieran Murphy, President and CEO of GE Healthcare. “By partnering with NVIDIA, GE Healthcare will be able to deliver devices of the future – intelligent machines capable of empowering providers to improve the speed and accuracy of diagnoses for patients around the world.” “Our partnership with GE Healthcare brings together great expertise in medical instruments and AI to create a new generation of intelligent instruments that can dramatically improve patient care,” said Jensen Huang, founder and CEO of Nvidia. 

https://hothardware.com/news/ge-healthcare-nvidia-ai-self-driving-doctors-medical-imaging

NVIDIA has made a name for itself in the AI field with its Tesla family of deep learning GPU accelerators, and has signed up scores of partners with its AI-fueled DRIVE PX family. Its DRIVE PX products empower self-driving vehicles from some of the world's top auto manufacturers. Using these same AI fundamentals, NVIDIA hopes to revolutionize the medical world and help save lives in the process. Using NVIDIA's AI platform, GE will adopt GPU-accelerated deep learning solutions to better provide real-time medical assessments of patients and help doctors make better-informed clinical decisions about patient care. “Our partnership with GE Healthcare brings together great expertise in medical instruments and AI to create a new generation of intelligent instruments that can dramatically improve patient care,” added NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang. “Healthcare is changing at remarkable speed, and the technologies that will transform the industry should reflect that pace,” said GE Healthcare CEO Kieran Murphy. “By partnering with NVIDIA, GE Healthcare will be able to deliver devices of the future – intelligent machines capable of empowering providers to improve the speed and accuracy of diagnoses for patients around the world.” The pair also announced the Revolution Frontier CT family, which processes images twice as fast as its predecessor thanks to NVIDIA's AI computing advances. Over the past decade, advances in CT image reconstruction has reduced X-ray dosages by over 80 percent, while the new Revolution Frontier CT family uses supercomputer muscle to further aid in complex image reconstruction. Another product announced was the Vivid E95 4D Ultrasound System, which uses NVIDIA GPUs to aid in the acceleration of reconstruction and visualization of blood flow, and enhances the reproduction of 2D and 4D imaging. Finally, GE's Healthcare Applied Intelligence analytics platform will be infused with NVIDIA GPUs and the CUDA parallel computing platform to power a new generation of healthcare applications that take advantage of deep learning algorithms. 

https://seekingalpha.com/news/3314404-ge-healthcare-intel-announce-expanded-partnership

GE Healthcare (NYSE:GE) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) announce an expanded partnership for enhancing patient care through edge and cloud solutions while reducing costs.                GE Healthcare will use Intel’s Xeon Scalable platform to lower imaging device ownership costs by up to 25%.                 The platform and GE Healthcare’s imaging solutions will improve radiologists’ reading times with first image display dropping to under 2 seconds and full study load times falling under 8 seconds.                The two companies will also invest in the Joint Performance Acceleration Lab in Chicago. The digital development lab will develop, test, and validate a wide range of GE Healthcare Imaging hardware and software solutions.    Previously: GE, Nvidia to partner in bringing AI platform to GE Healthcare (Nov. 26) Now read: GE: New Insider Buy Of 3 Million Shares On Behalf Of Loews Signals Buy » 

http://host.madison.com/business/investment/markets-and-stocks/ge-stock-can-fly-higher-powered-by-jet-engines/article_ad35695f-259b-536e-a2c2-28587f089512.html

Shares of General Electric (NYSE: GE) have plummeted by more than 40% this year, as the industrial conglomerate has slashed its earnings guidance and cut its dividend in half. Plenty of ink has been spilled regarding various management mistakes at GE, particularly the company's ill-timed bets on the power and energy industries. From a high-level perspective, this criticism is well deserved. Furthermore, the downturn in the key power segment does justify a significantly lower GE stock price. That said, while some of GE's business segments face severe challenges, others are quite healthy. For example, the healthcare business is posting steady mid-single-digit revenue growth while gradually expanding its profit margin. However, General Electric's real gem is its aviation segment. Rising sales of jet engines -- and growth in related engine services work -- could drive big gains for long-term investors in GE stock. Strong growth in General Electric's aviation segment could boost GE stock. Image source: Boeing. Today, General Electric is often described as a troubled company, but the same can't be said for its aviation segment. Through the first nine months of 2017, GE Aviation's revenue reached $20.2 billion, up 6% year over year, while segment profit surged 11% to $4.9 billion. To some extent, this earnings growth reflects timing effects. For the full year, GE's forecast calls for organic revenue growth of 2%-4% in the aviation segment, along with a 5%-6% increase in operating profit. GE is even more bullish about 2018, projecting that the aviation segment's organic revenue and operating profit will both rise 7%-10% year over year. Based on the midpoint of this guidance, aviation segment profit will reach $7 billion next year. Considering GE's planned divestitures and the declining profit contributions from the power segment and the oil and gas segment, this could account for about half of the company's industrial segment profit in 2018. Some bearish analysts -- such as Deutsche Bank's John Inch -- think the aviation segment can't save GE stock because it's a cyclical business. However, this perspective seems to dramatically underestimate the long-term growth of commercial aviation. Order backlogs are near record levels for Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Airbus (NASDAQOTH: EADSY), especially for single-aisle planes. That's great news for General Electric. The LEAP engine family -- built by GE's CFM International joint venture -- is the exclusive powerplant for Boeing's new 737 MAX. It is also one of two engine choices for the Airbus A320neo family. Slightly more than half of all A320neos will come with CFM LEAP engines. Image source: Airbus. Boeing recently surpassed 4,000 firm orders for the 737 MAX family. There are also hundreds of outstanding commitments for the 737 MAX, many of which will eventually turn into firm orders. Meanwhile, Airbus has more than 5,000 outstanding orders for the A320neo family, along with hundreds of commitments that have not been finalized yet. At their current production rates, it would take Boeing and Airbus more than eight years to churn out all of the single-aisle jets they have on order. As a result, both companies plan to increase their annual output by about 20% over the next few years. Boeing and Airbus are also considering additional production rate increases, given that they still aren't building enough jets to meet demand. Thus, the CFM joint venture is set to dramatically increase its engine production in the next few years. GE will benefit from rising service revenue as the installed base of CFM engines increases. Based on the impressive order pace and massive backlogs for the 737 MAX and A320neo families, the installed base of CFM engines could double by the late 2020s. GE also has meaningful growth opportunities, albeit more modest, from its military jet engine business and its wholly owned commercial jet engine business. The latter powers the Boeing 777 and 787 families, as well as the upcoming Boeing 777X. The net result is that revenue and profit from GE's aviation segment could nearly double over the next decade. That should be enough to lift GE stock out of the doldrums. If there is any weakness to be found in GE's aviation segment outlook, it's that free cash flow conversion is expected to decline to 80% in 2018 from around 90% this year. This, however, is likely to be a short-term issue. New engine designs are initially more expensive to produce than mature ones. In fact, they're often sold below cost. CFM production will shift rapidly toward the new LEAP-family engines over the next couple of years, which will create a significant cash flow headwind. GE will also face the same headwind on a smaller scale as it ramps up production of the GE9X engine for Boeing's 777X a few years down the road. However, unit production costs for the LEAP engine fell by 20% in 2016 and are expected to decline by another 23% in 2017 and 23% in 2018. As unit costs continue to fall beyond 2018, free cash flow conversion should stabilize and then start to improve. The jury is out on how much value General Electric will be able to squeeze out of the various businesses it wants to divest. Whether the company's power business ever makes a full recovery is also an open question. However, it might not matter much for GE stock if the aviation business continues to thrive. A decade from now, GE Aviation is likely to be churning out well over $10 billion of free cash flow annually, before taxes, more than the entire company's projected 2018 cash flow. That's a compelling reason for long-term investors to bet on a turnaround for GE stock. 10 stocks we like better than General Electric When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and General Electric wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 6, 2017 Adam Levine-Weinberg has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.  More from madison.com partners 

http://host.madison.com/business/investment/markets-and-stocks/ge-stock-can-fly-higher-powered-by-jet-engines/article_ad35695f-259b-536e-a2c2-28587f089512.html

Shares of General Electric (NYSE: GE) have plummeted by more than 40% this year, as the industrial conglomerate has slashed its earnings guidance and cut its dividend in half. Plenty of ink has been spilled regarding various management mistakes at GE, particularly the company's ill-timed bets on the power and energy industries. From a high-level perspective, this criticism is well deserved. Furthermore, the downturn in the key power segment does justify a significantly lower GE stock price. That said, while some of GE's business segments face severe challenges, others are quite healthy. For example, the healthcare business is posting steady mid-single-digit revenue growth while gradually expanding its profit margin. However, General Electric's real gem is its aviation segment. Rising sales of jet engines -- and growth in related engine services work -- could drive big gains for long-term investors in GE stock. Strong growth in General Electric's aviation segment could boost GE stock. Image source: Boeing. Today, General Electric is often described as a troubled company, but the same can't be said for its aviation segment. Through the first nine months of 2017, GE Aviation's revenue reached $20.2 billion, up 6% year over year, while segment profit surged 11% to $4.9 billion. To some extent, this earnings growth reflects timing effects. For the full year, GE's forecast calls for organic revenue growth of 2%-4% in the aviation segment, along with a 5%-6% increase in operating profit. GE is even more bullish about 2018, projecting that the aviation segment's organic revenue and operating profit will both rise 7%-10% year over year. Based on the midpoint of this guidance, aviation segment profit will reach $7 billion next year. Considering GE's planned divestitures and the declining profit contributions from the power segment and the oil and gas segment, this could account for about half of the company's industrial segment profit in 2018. Some bearish analysts -- such as Deutsche Bank's John Inch -- think the aviation segment can't save GE stock because it's a cyclical business. However, this perspective seems to dramatically underestimate the long-term growth of commercial aviation. Order backlogs are near record levels for Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Airbus (NASDAQOTH: EADSY), especially for single-aisle planes. That's great news for General Electric. The LEAP engine family -- built by GE's CFM International joint venture -- is the exclusive powerplant for Boeing's new 737 MAX. It is also one of two engine choices for the Airbus A320neo family. Slightly more than half of all A320neos will come with CFM LEAP engines. Image source: Airbus. Boeing recently surpassed 4,000 firm orders for the 737 MAX family. There are also hundreds of outstanding commitments for the 737 MAX, many of which will eventually turn into firm orders. Meanwhile, Airbus has more than 5,000 outstanding orders for the A320neo family, along with hundreds of commitments that have not been finalized yet. At their current production rates, it would take Boeing and Airbus more than eight years to churn out all of the single-aisle jets they have on order. As a result, both companies plan to increase their annual output by about 20% over the next few years. Boeing and Airbus are also considering additional production rate increases, given that they still aren't building enough jets to meet demand. Thus, the CFM joint venture is set to dramatically increase its engine production in the next few years. GE will benefit from rising service revenue as the installed base of CFM engines increases. Based on the impressive order pace and massive backlogs for the 737 MAX and A320neo families, the installed base of CFM engines could double by the late 2020s. GE also has meaningful growth opportunities, albeit more modest, from its military jet engine business and its wholly owned commercial jet engine business. The latter powers the Boeing 777 and 787 families, as well as the upcoming Boeing 777X. The net result is that revenue and profit from GE's aviation segment could nearly double over the next decade. That should be enough to lift GE stock out of the doldrums. If there is any weakness to be found in GE's aviation segment outlook, it's that free cash flow conversion is expected to decline to 80% in 2018 from around 90% this year. This, however, is likely to be a short-term issue. New engine designs are initially more expensive to produce than mature ones. In fact, they're often sold below cost. CFM production will shift rapidly toward the new LEAP-family engines over the next couple of years, which will create a significant cash flow headwind. GE will also face the same headwind on a smaller scale as it ramps up production of the GE9X engine for Boeing's 777X a few years down the road. However, unit production costs for the LEAP engine fell by 20% in 2016 and are expected to decline by another 23% in 2017 and 23% in 2018. As unit costs continue to fall beyond 2018, free cash flow conversion should stabilize and then start to improve. The jury is out on how much value General Electric will be able to squeeze out of the various businesses it wants to divest. Whether the company's power business ever makes a full recovery is also an open question. However, it might not matter much for GE stock if the aviation business continues to thrive. A decade from now, GE Aviation is likely to be churning out well over $10 billion of free cash flow annually, before taxes, more than the entire company's projected 2018 cash flow. That's a compelling reason for long-term investors to bet on a turnaround for GE stock. 10 stocks we like better than General Electric When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and General Electric wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 6, 2017 Adam Levine-Weinberg has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.  More from madison.com partners 

http://fortune.com/2017/11/19/general-electric-to-lose-9-board-members/

General Electric announced as part of its investor update last week that it would shrink its board from its current 18 members to 12 by April of next year, while adding three new directors with “relevant industry experience.” That means nine of the board’s current directors will leave. The downsizing would make GE’s board closer in size to other large companies, and aims for closely matching board makeup to new CEO John Flannery’s turnaround plan for the troubled giant. Flannery has said he will turn things around by focusing on aviation, power and health care. That means less attention on businesses including oil and gas, transportation and lighting. That makes former ConocoPhillips CEO James J. Mulva a likely candidate to leave the board, according to the Wall Street Journal. Other possible departures include Andrea Jung and Shelly Lazarus, who are nearing planned retirement dates.  Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. Flannery has told CNBC that former Vanguard CEO John Brennan will not leave. According to the Journal, recent board addition Ed Garden of the Trian Partners hedge fund will also keep his seat. Choices about both departing and new directors will be made by the current board. Flannery has said the three new directors should have a “digital and technology orientation,” despite some retrenchment in GE’s once-sprawling digital ambitions. The planned board turnover drives home just how drastically things are changing as General Electric struggles for relevance. GE’s stock has had an awful year, capped off by last month’s big earnings miss and last week’s announcement that the company would cut its vaunted dividend in half to fund restructuring. There’s now talk that GE could be removed from the Dow Jones Industrial Average, a potentially bleak development for a company that has embodied American innovation since its founding more than 125 years ago. 

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-11-20/ge-directors-buy-up-slumping-shares-ahead-of-board-winnowing

Harris Associates' Murray Says GE Is on the Right Track General Electric Co. plans to slash the size of its bloated board, but that isn’t stopping some directors from buying in. Francisco D’Souza, a board member since 2013 and the head of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp., bought 55,000 GE shares for $986,700, according to a regulatory filing Monday. His purchase was the latest by a director after a $1.1 million buy on Nov. 15 by John Flannery, the chairman and chief executive officer, and Steven Mollenkopf’s decision to grab $100,000 of shares the following day. The company leaders are placing substantial bets on Flannery’s ability to reverse a deep slump in the shares, which have fallen 43 percent this year as GE contends with challenges in the power-generation and oil markets. In addition to cutting the dividend and unloading at least $20 billion in assets, the CEO plans to kick out half the company’s 18 directors while bringing on three new representatives. The company hasn’t said who will go as part of a purge that will reduce the board size to 12 members. 

https://www.thelincolnianonline.com/2017/11/20/chartwell-investment-partners-llc-cuts-holdings-in-el-paso-electric-company-ee.html


					Posted by Donald Scott | Nov 20th, 2017
 Chartwell Investment Partners LLC decreased its holdings in shares of  El Paso Electric Company (NYSE:EE) by 2.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 285,855 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after selling 7,436 shares during the period. Chartwell Investment Partners LLC owned 0.70% of El Paso Electric worth $15,793,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.  Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Quantbot Technologies LP purchased a new position in  El Paso Electric during the 3rd quarter valued at about $179,000.  Sciencast Management LP purchased a new position in  El Paso Electric during the 2nd quarter valued at about $202,000.  1st Global Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in  El Paso Electric during the 2nd quarter valued at about $202,000.  Shelton Capital Management purchased a new position in  El Paso Electric during the 2nd quarter valued at about $208,000.  Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC purchased a new position in  El Paso Electric during the 2nd quarter valued at about $221,000. 98.56% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  A number of research firms have commented on EE. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of El Paso Electric from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $61.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, September 19th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $56.00 target price (up previously from $55.00) on shares of El Paso Electric in a research report on Friday, August 11th. Mizuho  reissued a “hold” rating and set a $55.00 target price on shares of El Paso Electric in a research report on Friday, October 27th. Bank of America Corporation began coverage on shares of El Paso Electric in a research report on Tuesday, October 24th. They set a “buy” rating and a $62.00 target price on the stock. Finally, BidaskClub raised shares of El Paso Electric from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, August 18th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the company. The stock  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $56.60. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally  posted by The Lincolnian Online and is owned by of The Lincolnian Online. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.thelincolnianonline.com/2017/11/20/chartwell-investment-partners-llc-cuts-holdings-in-el-paso-electric-company-ee.html.  El Paso Electric Company (NYSE:EE) traded down $0.45 during trading hours on Monday, hitting $60.20. 190,200 shares of the stock were exchanged, compared to its average volume of 192,748. El Paso Electric Company has a twelve month low of $43.90 and a twelve month high of $60.70. The company has a market cap of $2,443.63, a PE ratio of 25.08, a P/E/G ratio of 4.40 and a beta of 0.47. The company has a quick ratio of 0.47, a current ratio of 0.63 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.05.  El Paso Electric (NYSE:EE) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 1st. The utilities provider reported $1.47 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.70 by ($0.23). El Paso Electric had a net margin of 10.13% and a return on equity of 8.44%. The firm had revenue of $297.47 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $310.00 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $1.84 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 8.0% on a year-over-year basis.  equities analysts expect that  El Paso Electric Company will post 2.55 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.  The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 29th. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 15th will be issued a $0.335 dividend. This represents a $1.34 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.23%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, December 14th. El Paso Electric’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 55.83%.  About El Paso Electric El Paso Electric Company is a public utility company. As of December 31, 2016, the Company was engaged in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity in an area of approximately 10,000 square miles in west Texas and southern New Mexico. As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned or had ownership interests in several electrical generating facilities providing it with a generating capability of approximately 2,080 megawatts (MW). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for El Paso Electric Company (NYSE:EE).   Receive News & Ratings for El Paso Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for El Paso Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

