http://standardoracle.com/2017/11/27/10-analysts-rated-nvidia-corporation-nvda-as-buy-3/

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) added 0.94% to reach $216.96 in the previous trading session. Overall, 4.52 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 14.42 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 0.31, while its market cap is $130.33 Billion. Relative Strength Index The Relative Strength Index (RSI), developed by J. Welles Wilder, is a momentum oscillator that calculates the speed and change of price movements. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Usually the RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when less than 30. Relative strength index (RSI-14) for NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is at 67.99. Price Target A price target is the projected price level of a financial security stated by an investment analyst. It represents a security’s price that, if achieved, results in a trader recognizing the best possible outcome for his investment. This is the price at which the trader or investor wants to exit his existing position so he can realize the most reward. Basically, a price target is an individual analyst’s projection on the future price of a stock. There is no concrete way to calculate a price target. Different analysts and financial institutions use various valuation methods and consider different economic forces when deciding on a price target. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) has been given an average price target of $206.32 from analysts, according to data collected by Finviz. Earnings Forecast Earnings per share (EPS) is the portion of a company’s profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Earnings per share serves as an indicator of a company’s profitability. Consensus earnings estimates are far from perfect, but they are watched by many investors and play an important role in measuring the appropriate valuation for a stock. Investors measure stock performance on the basis of a company’s earnings power. To make a proper assessment, investors seek a sound estimate of this year’s and next year’s earnings per share (EPS), as well as a strong sense of how much the company will earn even farther down the road. Maximum and minimum EPS estimate for the current quarter is projected at $0.91 and $0.79, respectively, according to 21 analysts. Comparatively, NVIDIA Corporation posted earnings of $0 per share in the same quarter last year. The company is expected to report earnings of $1.15 a share for the next quarter. Revenue Estimate Revenue is the amount of money that a company actually receives during a specific period, including discounts and deductions for returned merchandise. It is the “top line” or “gross income” figure from which costs are subtracted to determine net income. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is expected to post revenue of $2.11 Billion in the current quarter, according to consensus of 26 analysts. The high and low revenue estimates for the current quarter are $2.14 Billion and $2.09 Billion, respectively. The company reported revenue of $0 in the same period last year. Moving Averages A moving average (MA) is a trend-following or lagging indicator because it is based on past prices. The average is taken over a specific period of time, like 10 days, 20 minutes, 30 weeks, or any time period the trader chooses. There are advantages to using a moving average in your trading, as well options on what type of moving average to use. Moving average strategies are also popular and can be tailored to any time frame, suiting both long term investors and short-term traders. A moving average can help cut down the amount of “noise” on a price chart. Look at the direction of the moving average to get a basic idea of which way the price is moving. Angled up and price is moving up (or was recently) overall, angled down and price is moving down overall, moving sideways and the price is likely in a range. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA)’s distance from 200 day simple moving average is 45.2 percent, its distance from 50 day simple moving average is 11.15 percent, while its distance from 20 day simple moving average is 3.63 percent. Volatility Volatility is a statistical measure of the dispersion of returns for a given security or market index. Volatility can either be measured by using the standard deviation or variance between returns from that same security or market index. When we see the company’s Volatility, it currently has a monthly volatility of 1.95% and weekly volatility of 1.56%. Analysts Recommendation In order to reach an opinion and communicate the value and volatility of a covered security, analysts research public financial statements, listen in on conference calls and talk to managers and the customers of a company, typically in an attempt to capture the findings for a research report. Ultimately, through all this investigation into the company’s performance the analyst decides whether their stock is a “buy,” sell” or hold.” NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 2.3, according to data compiled by Finviz. The recommendation scale measures the value from 1 to 5, where 1 means ‘’Buy’’ and 5 stands for ”Sell”. NVIDIA Corporation was covered by a number of analysts recently, 10 rated the stock as Buy, 12 rated Outperform, 15 rated Hold, 2 gave an Underperform and 0 rated sell. Historical Trends A trend analysis is a method of analysis that allows traders to predict what will happen with a stock in the future. Trend analysis is based on historical data about the stock’s performance given the overall trends of the market and particular indicators within the market. NVIDIA Corporation shares increased 2.53 percent over the past week and rose 12.03 percent over the previous month. The stock climbed 32.45 percent over the past quarter, while surged 52.96 percent over the past six months. 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/24/taking-a-look-at-the-data-behind-nvidia-corporation-nvda-6/

NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Semiconductor – Specialized. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $214.93, down from yesterday’s close by -0.52%. Given the stock’s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company’s recent data. Fundamental Analysis It’s important to get a feel for how any stock is actually valued on the market based on its core numbers. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) currently trades with a market capitalization of $129.11 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 31.54 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company’s last quarterly report. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For NVDA, you can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $1.97 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to fall in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $1.15 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 66.96% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors. Technical Analysis It’s important to check the technicals to get a sense of how NVDA has been acting. Looking at the stock’s movement on the chart, NVIDIA Corporation recorded a 52-week high of $218.67. It is now trading 3.74% off that level. The stock is trading $195.19 its 50-day moving average by -19.74%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $84.77. In recent action, NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) has made a move of +10.98% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 17.88, and it’s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 2.23% with $573.18 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of NVDA. 

https://www.truebluetribune.com/2017/11/27/nvidia-corporation-nvda-receives-buy-rating-from-citigroup-inc.html


					Posted by Toi Williams on Nov 27th, 2017 // No Comments  Citigroup Inc. reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA)  in a research report released on Friday, November 10th. They currently have a $240.00 target price on the computer hardware maker’s stock. Other research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $180.00 price target on shares of NVIDIA in a research note on Thursday, August 10th. Canaccord Genuity  reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $180.00 price target (up previously from $155.00) on shares of NVIDIA in a research note on Monday, July 24th. Summit Redstone  reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of NVIDIA in a research note on Saturday, July 22nd. Mizuho  reissued a buy rating and set a $170.00 target price on shares of NVIDIA in a research note on Friday, July 21st. Finally, B. Riley  reissued a buy rating and set a $200.00 target price (up previously from $135.00) on shares of NVIDIA in a research note on Monday, August 7th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned  a hold rating, twenty-four have assigned  a buy rating and one  has issued  a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $186.85. Shares of NVIDIA (NASDAQ NVDA) opened at $216.96 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $131,477.77, a PE ratio of 53.44, a PEG ratio of 4.70 and a beta of 1.23. NVIDIA has a 52-week low of $84.77 and a 52-week high of $218.67. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.31, a current ratio of 8.26 and a quick ratio of 7.42.  NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, November 9th. The computer hardware maker reported $1.33 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.39. The company had revenue of $2.64 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.36 billion. NVIDIA had a net margin of 31.79% and a return on equity of 54.54%. NVIDIA’s quarterly revenue was up 31.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.94 earnings per share.  sell-side analysts forecast that  NVIDIA will post 4.13 EPS for the current year.  The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, December 15th. Stockholders of record on Friday, November 24th will be given a dividend of $0.15 per share. This represents a $0.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.28%. This is a positive change from NVIDIA’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.14. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, November 22nd. NVIDIA’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 14.89%.  In related news, insider Jen Hsun Huang sold 110,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, September 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $166.08, for a total value of $18,268,800.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Harvey C. Jones sold 100,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, September 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $185.65, for a total value of $18,565,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 30,762 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,710,965.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 452,532 shares of company stock worth $82,218,204 over the last ninety days. 5.82% of the stock is owned by insiders.  A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in NVDA. Fiduciary Trust Co. purchased a new stake in shares of  NVIDIA during the 1st quarter valued at $435,000.  Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY increased its position in shares of  NVIDIA by 6.7% during the 1st quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 308,211 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $33,573,000 after purchasing an additional 19,245 shares during the last quarter.  Tudor Investment Corp ET AL purchased a new stake in shares of  NVIDIA during the 1st quarter valued at $1,454,000.  Caxton Associates LP purchased a new stake in shares of  NVIDIA during the 1st quarter valued at $2,778,000.  Finally, Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of  NVIDIA by 138.6% during the 1st quarter. Flagship Harbor Advisors LLC now owns 7,646 shares of the computer hardware maker’s stock valued at $765,000 after purchasing an additional 4,442 shares during the last quarter. 65.28% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds.  About NVIDIA Nvidia Corporation focuses on personal computer (PC) graphics, graphics processing unit (GPU) and also on artificial intelligence (AI). The Company’s operates through two segments: GPU and Tegra Processor. The Company’s GPU product brands are aimed at specialized markets, including GeForce for gamers; Quadro for designers; Tesla and DGX for AI data scientists and big data researchers; and GRID for cloud-based visual computing users.   Receive News & Ratings for NVIDIA Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NVIDIA Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 

https://stocknews.com/news/nvda-analyst-nvidia-corporation-nvda-still-has-39-more-upside/

NVDA – Marketocracy’s Rex Jacobsen says NVIDIA is going to $310. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) is one of the market’s biggest winners over the past few years, but there’s still plenty of upside remaining for the graphics chipmaker. That’s according to fund manager Rex Jacobsen, who explained his ultra bullish view on NVDA to Forbes this week: Nvidia has huge growth opportunities in disruptive technologies such as self-driving vehicles, cryptocurrency mining, and artificial intelligence. Deep learning, a form of artificial intelligence, will unlock massive productivity gains for companies utilizing it, from robotics, computer vision, drug discovery, voice recognition, machine translation and speech synthesis. Nvidia is at the forefront of these new technologies. Accordingly, Jacobsen has a $310 price target on NVIDIA shares, which implies a nearly 39% upside from current levels. He sees a number of practical uses for NVIDIA’s emerging technologies, noting “Nvidia builds specialized chips for computer vision which allow vehicles to perceive the environment in which they are operating. Machine vision also helps drones avoid obstacles. Deep learning also drops error rates for breast cancer diagnoses by 85%.” The analyst also believes NVIDIA’s sizable lead over the competition — which is only NVDA and Intel — will remain for quite some time. Their GPUs remain far faster and more efficient than its competitors, and as long as that remains the case, the company will be nearly impossible to beat as it dominates a number of high-growth tech niches. NVIDIA Corporation shares were trading at $215.85 per share on Friday morning, up $0.92 (+0.43%). Year-to-date, NVDA has gained 103.01%, versus a 18.08% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. NVDA currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #3 of 97 stocks in the Semiconductor & Wireless Chip category. 

https://www.streetinsider.com/Corporate%2BNews/Nuance%2BCommunications%2B%2528NUAN%2529%2B%2526%2BNVIDIA%2B%2528NVDA%2529%2BReport%2BCollaboration%2Bto%2BAdvance%2BAI%2Bfor%2BRadiology/13540438.html

As you were browsing www.streetinsider.com something about your browser made us think you were a bot. If you are interested in www.streetinsider.com content, APIs are available.  Please contact us here http://www.streetinsider.com/signup_content.php To request an unblock, please fill out the form below and we will review it as soon as possible. 

https://venturebeat.com/2017/11/26/nvidia-and-nuance-team-up-on-ai-for-radiology/

Nvidia and Nuance announced a partnership today that’s aimed at helping health care institutions tap into artificial intelligence. The Nuance AI Marketplace for Diagnostic Imaging is, as the name suggests, designed as a hub where medical professionals can pick up new tools for analyzing the results of X-ray imaging and other radiology tools. AI developers will be able to release the models they’ve trained through Nuance’s PowerShare network, which will then allow participating medical institutions and radiology groups to subscribe. After they’ve subscribed, Nuance’s PowerScribe software will automatically apply the AI algorithm in relevant situations. Nvidia’s Digits developer tool will be updated to provide developers with a way to publish their algorithms directly to Nuance PowerShare, so it’s easier for people to get their applications into the marketplace. The deal is designed to help medical institutions benefit from the rise of machine learning by offering access to trained models. What’s more, the institutions developing these models can benefit from sharing them with other radiologists to drive the overall field forward. Medical imaging is a tough field to tackle with machine learning since it encompasses multiple sections of the body and uses different machines that output different results. (A static X-ray film is quite different from a video of an ultrasound, for example.) On top of that, radiologists are often looking for different objects on the resulting images or videos. With that in mind, Kimberly Powell, vice president for health care at Nvidia, said she expects multiple algorithms working in concert will be necessary to provide even a single diagnosis through a single test. The marketplace is supposed to support that vision by making it easier for medical professionals to orchestrate the use of multiple systems. The news comes alongside another partnership between Nvidia and GE Healthcare to use the chip maker’s hardware to help power improved hardware for CT scans and ultrasounds, as well as an analytics platform. 

https://investorplace.com/2017/11/monday-vital-data-nvidia-corporation-nvda-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-tesla-inc-tsla/

U.S. stock futures are bouncing around breakeven this morning, as trading on Wall Street thins out heading into the Thanksgiving holiday week. Weakness in equities is beginning to show, as both the S&P 500 Index and the Dow Jones Industrial Average logged their second straight week of losses. Concern is rising that Republicans will have trouble passing their current tax plan, and investors expect no real progress until after the holiday-shortened week. As a result, Dow futures are up 0.12% heading into the open, followed by S&P 500 futures with a gain of 0.11%. Nasdaq-100 futures, meanwhile, are up 0.16%. On the options front, volume was brisk on Friday as November series options expired. Overall, about 21.7 million calls and 16.9 million puts changed hands. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio plunged to 0.56 — a four-week low — while the 10-day moving average held at 0.65. Turning to Friday’s options activity, Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) saw a bump in call option trading following a positive research note from RBC Capital Markets. Meanwhile, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) was also bullishly featured at Canaccord Genuity. Finally, Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) drew a touch of analyst ire due to the timing of the announcement for its new roadster.  RBC Capital Markets helped drive bullish speculation on NVDA stock on Friday. The ratings firm reiterated NVDA at “outperform” and lifted its price target to $250 from $240. What’s more, RBC said that rising demand for Nvidia’s data center, gaming and automotive chip businesses could push NVDA stock to $300 in a best case bull scenario. Options traders were light on volume, but heavy on calls for NVDA on Friday. Roughly 185,500 contracts traded on NVDA, with calls accounting for 59% of the day’s take. Recent call activity for NVDA stock, however, has leaned toward the profit taking end of the spectrum. Specifically, the stock’s December put/call open interest ratio continues to rise, arriving at 1.41 this morning — up from 1.36 on Thursday last week. Rising negativity could provide short-term drag on NVDA as the shares look to consolidate recent gains into the $210 region. Next Page Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, https://investorplace.com/2017/11/monday-vital-data-nvidia-corporation-nvda-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-tesla-inc-tsla/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC 

https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/17/11/10818277/for-nvidia-gaming-trends-could-make-2018-another-stando

NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA), one of the hottest stocks of both 2016 and 2017, is showing no signs of slowing down heading into 2018 — which could prove to be a busy year for the gaming and emerging cryptocurrency markets, according to Bank of America. Bank of America's Vivek Arya maintains a Buy rating on Nvidia's stock with an unchanged $210 price target. The ongoing trends in the $9.7 billion graphics industry should be viewed as "mostly positive" for Nvidia, Arya said in a research report. (See Arya's track record here.)  Four of the trends identified by Arya are:  An analysis of data from the online gaming community Steam implies a "large upgrade opportunity" for Nvidia next year, the analyst said. October data shows Nvidia holds a leadership position of at least 80 percent, with the 2017 Pascal generation representing 35 percent adoption among gamers, Arya said. The analyst's survey of top-selling graphics cards also found Nvidia holds 26 of the top 30 slots. Shares of Nvidia were trading higher by around 0.8 percent at the time of publication.  Related Links: There Could Be 18% Upside Left In Nvidia, Analyst Says AMD Has More To Lose Than Nvidia Should Bitcoin Mining Hardware Sales Decline Photo courtesy of Nvidia.  
View More Analyst Ratings for NVDA

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
 Posted-In: Bank of America cryptocurrencyAnalyst Color Price Target Reiteration Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 

https://www.stocknewsjournal.com/2017/11/20/is-it-time-to-go-for-centurylink-inc-ctl-nvidia-corporation-nvda/

CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE:CTL) gained 0.34% with the closing price of $14.80. The overall volume in the last trading session was 12.88 million shares. Company Growth Evolution: ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE:CTL) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 0.70 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry’s average stands at 23.63 and sector’s optimum level is 20.34. 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 CenturyLink, Inc. (CTL) have shown a high EPS growth of 1.60% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of -26.80% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.70 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The stock appeared $27.61 above its 52-week highs and is down -4.39% for the last five trades. The stock ended last trade at $14.80 a share and the price is up more than -37.76% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 0.63 vs. an industry average at 5.33. Its sales stood at 2.60% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) ended its day at $211.36 with the rising stream of -0.12% and its total traded volume was 12.86 million shares less than the average volume. Returns and Valuations for NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 31.54, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry’s average. The average of this ratio is 3.43 for the industry and sector’s best figure appears 16.43. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), at its latest closing price of $211.36, it has a price-to-book ratio of 19.96, compared to an industry average at 2.68. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you’re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), stock is trading $218.67 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 22.20% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 137.90% . Its share price has risen 32.81% in three months and is down -2.21% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.30. 

https://www.economicsandmoney.com/2017/11/21/nvidia-corporation-nvda-what-are-the-technicals-saying-3/

Most of the investors recently have been curious over the performance of NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) stock. Analysts often use price and volume data to predict future stock performance. In the case of NVDA, the chart has some interesting things to say about where the stock might be headed. How has the stock performed recently? NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) in the last month has increased +8.88%. Shares are now up over the past year, outperforming the broad market by -100% and outperformed a peer group of similar companies by 302%. After the latest session, which saw the stock close at a price of $214.08, NVDA sits below its 52-week high. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has been trading in a bullish manner, based on the relative positions of the stock’s 20 and 200 day moving averages. Momentum indicators 
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 Of course, these surface-level price movements don’t tell us much about the direction that NVDA may be headed in the future. To forecast a stock’s future performance, analysts use momentum indicators, which take into account the size and speed of these price movements. As momentum begins to slow, it may be a sign that a recent trend is about to reverse. Two such indicators are the RSI (Relative Strength Index) and the Stochastic %k Oscillator, which fluctuate on a scale of 0 to 100. A reading above 70 indicates that a stock is overvalued, and a reading below 30 implies that it is undervalued. The 20-day RSI for NVDA is 64.95%, which suggests that the stock is not particularly expensive or cheap, and not predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure. The 20-day Stochastic %k measure, which sits at 77.02%, tells a different story, and suggests that NVDA currently trades in overbought territory. What do the trading volumes reveal? Volume patterns can also be useful for predicting future performance. When trading activity is abnormally high, it’s often a sign that the market feels particularly strong in one way or another about the future direction of a stock. NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) average trading volume of 13,480,180 during the past month is 24.37% below its average volume over the past year, indicating that investors have been less active than usual in the stock in recent times. What do the analysts think? NVDA is currently overvalued by 3.76% relative to the average 1-year price target of $206.32 taken from a group of Wall Street Analysts. The average investment recommendation on a scale of 1 to 5 (1 being a strong buy, 3 a hold, and 5 a sell) is 2.30, which implies that analysts are generally neutral in their outlook for NVDA over the next year. How risky is the stock?  No study on the valuation of a stock is complete without taking into account risk. When analyzing the systematic risk associated with a stock, analysts look at beta, which measures the stock’s volatility relative to the overall market. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has a beta of 1.20, compared to a beta of 1 for the market, which implies that the stock’s price movements are more extreme than the market as a whole. NVDA therefore has a above average level of market risk. During the past couple of weeks, NVDA average daily volatility was 28.05%, which is 3.64 percentage points lower than the average volatility over the past 100 days. 



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
 

